a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with three engines, one mounted at the base of the vertical stabilizer and the other two under the wings.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctive "kink" in the leading edge of the tail fin.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a horizontal stabilizer mounted on top of the vertical stabilizer, forming a T-tail.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a large cargo door at the rear of the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a slightly swept-back wing design.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a cockpit window arrangement of six panes, with two additional small windows below the main front windows.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a landing gear configuration of two main landing gears, each with four wheels, and a two-wheel nose gear.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a circular intake for the tail engine, located above the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a relatively short and wide body compared to other wide-body jets.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a noticeable bulge at the front of the aircraft, where the cockpit is located.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a high-mounted horizontal stabilizer, which is above the level of the fuselage top.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a pair of rear-mounted underwing engines that are slightly angled outward.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a lack of winglets on the wingtips.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a relatively flat underside of the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with two main landing gears positioned near the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a tail-mounted engine intake that is circular in shape.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a fuselage that is wider at the rear than at the front.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctive 'hump' or 'bulge' in the upper fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a wing design that has a moderate degree of sweepback.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctive 'T' shape in the tail section.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a unique shape to the tail section when viewed from the side.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a tail section that is higher than the top of the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctively shaped tail fin.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with the engines positioned in a triangular formation.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctive 'kink' or 'curve' in the upper fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with the tail engine intake positioned above the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a unique shape to the upper fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with the engines positioned in a staggered formation.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctive 'hump' or 'bulge' in the upper fuselage, near the tail section.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with the tail section positioned higher than the top of the fuselage.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a unique shape to the tail section when viewed from the rear.
a photo of a DC-10 aircraft with a distinctive 'T' shape in the tail section, when viewed from the rear.
