a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a medium-sized, muscular body with a slightly arched back.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a wedge-shaped head with a slight break at the muzzle.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has large, almond-shaped, gooseberry green eyes.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has medium to large sized ears that are broad at the base and moderately pointed.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a coat that is medium in length and has a silky texture.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a coat that is spotted, with the spots being only on the tip of the hairs.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a coat that comes in colors such as silver, bronze, smoke (dark gray), black, and blue.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a distinctive "M" shaped marking on its forehead.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a dark dorsal stripe that runs from the head to the tail along the spine.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a tail that is medium in length, heavier at the base and tapering towards the end.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has hind legs that are slightly longer than the front legs.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a skin flap extending from the flank to the back knee, providing for greater agility and length of stride.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a distinct scarab beetle or "M" mark on the forehead.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has dark mascara lines from the corners of its eyes.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a coat that has a more subtle spotting pattern compared to other breeds.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a distinctive glint in its eye due to the almond shape.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a more refined and elegant head shape compared to other breeds.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a coat that is less prone to matting and tangling due to its silky texture.
a photo of an egyptian mau, a type of pet which has a more athletic and agile build compared to other breeds.
