a photo of an agaric which has a cap that can be flat, convex, conical, or depressed.
a photo of an agaric which has a cap that can be smooth, scaly, or dry.
a photo of an agaric which has a cap that can be of various colors, including white, brown, yellow, red, or grey.
a photo of an agaric which has gills underneath the cap, which can be free or attached to the stem.
a photo of an agaric which has gills that can be of various colors, including white, brown, yellow, or pink.
a photo of an agaric which has a stem that can be central, lateral, or absent.
a photo of an agaric which has a stem that can be cylindrical, bulbous, or tapering.
a photo of an agaric which has a stem that can be smooth, scaly, or ringed.
a photo of an agaric which has a stem that can be of various colors, including white, brown, yellow, or grey.
a photo of an agaric which may have a volva at the base of the stem, which is a remnant of the universal veil.
a photo of an agaric which may have a ring on the stem, which is a remnant of the partial veil.
a photo of an agaric which has spores that can be white, brown, or black.
a photo of an agaric which has spores that can be round, elliptical, or kidney-shaped.
a photo of an agaric which may have a distinctive smell, such as aniseed or phenol.
a photo of an agaric which may have a distinctive taste, such as sweet, bitter, or peppery.
a photo of an agaric which may grow in various habitats, including grasslands, forests, or on decaying wood.
a photo of an agaric which may grow in groups, clusters, or individually.
a photo of an agaric which may appear in various seasons, including spring, summer, autumn, or winter.
a photo of an agaric which may have a cap that is striate or non-striate at the margin.
a photo of an agaric which may have a stem that is straight, curved, or twisted.
a photo of an agaric which may have a cap that is viscid or non-viscid when moist.
a photo of an agaric which may have a bulbous base or a volva at the bottom of the stem.
a photo of an agaric which may have a cup-like structure, also known as a universal veil, at the base of the stem in some species.
a photo of an agaric which may have remnants of the universal veil on the cap, appearing as warts or patches.
a photo of an agaric which may have a hollow or solid stem.
a photo of an agaric which may have gills that are attached, free, or descending on the stem.
a photo of an agaric which may bruise or change color when cut or damaged.
a photo of an agaric which may have a distinctive color change when exposed to air or light.
a photo of an agaric which may have a slimy, dry, scaly, or smooth cap surface.
a photo of an agaric which may have a photo of a mushroom which may have a distinctive smell.
