a photo of an analog clock which has a shorter hand to indicate the hour and a longer hand to indicate the minute.
a photo of an analog clock which has a third, thinner hand that moves quickly to indicate seconds.
a photo of an analog clock which may have small, additional dials or displays showing the date or moon phase.
a photo of an analog clock which may have markings or numbers in between the hour numbers to indicate minutes.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a glass or plastic cover over the face to protect the hands.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a frame or casing made of various materials such as plastic, wood, or metal.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a pendulum swinging back and forth beneath it.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a winding mechanism or battery compartment on the back or side.
a photo of an analog clock which may have an alarm function, indicated by an additional hand or a small bell on top.
a photo of an analog clock which may have luminous paint on the hands and numbers to make them visible in the dark.
a photo of an analog clock which may have brand names, logos, or other identifying marks on the face or back.
a photo of an analog clock which may be mounted on a wall, placed on a desk, or designed to be portable.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a second hand that moves in a smooth, continuous motion.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a minute hand that moves in a sweeping motion.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a unique or decorative design on the face, such as a pattern or shape.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a distinctive sound or chime to indicate the time.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a mechanism that allows it to be set to a specific time or date.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a display of the day of the week or month.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a feature that allows it to be synchronized with an external time source.
a photo of an analog clock which may have a mechanism that allows it to keep accurate time over a long period.
