a photo of a Asian elephant which has a large, bulky body with a greyish-brown skin tone.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a long, flexible trunk that is used for various purposes such as feeding, bathing, and expressing emotions.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has two large ears that are shaped like the Indian subcontinent.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a rounded back, unlike the African elephant which has a swayed back.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has smaller, rounded tusks compared to African elephants.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a single 'finger' at the tip of the trunk, unlike the African elephant which has two.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a forehead with two prominent domes and a dip in the middle.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has smaller eyes in proportion to its large head.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has thick, pillar-like legs that are straight and strong.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has toenails on the feet, with five on the front feet and four or five on the back feet.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a shorter tail with a tuft of hair at the end.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a height of up to 3.5 meters at the shoulder.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a lifespan of up to 60 years in the wild.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a skin that is wrinkled and rough to touch.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a slower walking speed compared to other large mammals.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a tendency to flap its large ears frequently.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a preference for habitats near water due to its need to bathe regularly.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a diet primarily consisting of grasses, leaves, shoots, barks, and fruits.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a social behavior, often seen in groups led by a matriarch.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a gestation period of approximately 22 months, the longest of any land animal.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a concave-shaped back.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a pair of long, curved, white tusks that are smaller in both males and females.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a trunk that is capable of grasping objects.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a mouth located at the end of the trunk.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a pair of large, fan-like ears that are constantly in motion.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a skin that is thick and nearly hairless.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a body that is larger and heavier than most other land animals, but not as large as the tusker.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a noticeable size difference between males and females, with males being slightly larger.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a pair of large, flapping ears.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a rough, wrinkled, and greyish-brown skin.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a tail with a tuft of hair at the end.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has small eyes relative to its body size.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has four sturdy, pillar-like legs.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a flat, broad back.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a round, large head with a prominent forehead.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a pair of ivory tusks that can be either straight or curved, but smaller than the tusker.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has toenails on the tip of its feet.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a hairless body except for the tail end and the tip of the ears.
a photo of a Asian elephant which has a trunk that is capable of grasping objects.
