a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a small, compact, and slightly longer than tall body.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a fine, silky, and straight coat that parts down the middle from the base of the skull to the end of the tail.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a coat color that is blue and tan, with the blue being a dark steel-blue, not silver-blue.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a wedge-shaped head with a flat skull and a moderate stop.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has small, almond-shaped eyes that are dark in color.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and carried erect.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a high-set tail that is docked and carried slightly higher than the level of the back.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a strong, level back and a deep chest.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has well-sprung ribs and a tucked-up belly.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a strong, muscular neck that is of moderate length.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has strong, straight forelegs and muscular hind legs with moderate angulation.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has small, round feet with black toenails.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a scissor bite, where the upper teeth closely overlap the lower teeth.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a confident, keen and alert expression.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a quick, free, and flowing gait.
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a height typically between 9 to 10 inches at the shoulder (However this is also shared with Cairn Terrier, so the range may be different)
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a lifespan typically between 12 to 15 years (However this is also shared with Cairn Terrier, so the range may be different)
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a lively and alert temperament, showing a certain quality of independence (However this is also shared with Cairn Terrier, so the range may be different)
a photo of an Australian Silky Terrier which has a double coat that is resistant to weather and can be any color except white (However this is also shared with Cairn Terrier, so the range may be different)
