a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a small, sturdy, and medium-boned frame, unlike the compact size of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a long head with a slight stop and a strong, pointed muzzle, unlike the slightly rounded head of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has small, dark, sparkling eyes with an intelligent and keen expression, unlike the medium-sized, dark eyes of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has small, pointed ears that stand erect and are set wide apart, unlike the small, erect ears that are set well apart of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a strong, straight back with a high-set tail, unlike the strong, moderately short neck that blends smoothly into well laid back shoulders of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a rough, straight, and weatherproof topcoat with a short, soft undercoat, unlike the hard, wiry, straight coat with a soft, downy undercoat of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a coat color that can be blue and tan, solid sandy, or solid red, unlike the red, black and tan, or grizzle coat of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a chest that is deep and strong, with well-sprung ribs, unlike the deep chest and well-sprung ribs of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has strong, muscular shoulders and thighs, unlike the strong, muscular legs with round, cat-like feet of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a confident and alert expression, unlike the friendly and intelligent expression of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a length slightly longer than its height, unlike the compact size of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a coat that extends into a slight ruff around the neck and a topknot of softer, silkier hair on the head, unlike the hard, wiry, straight coat of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a height that ranges from 10 to 11 inches at the shoulder, unlike the small, compact size of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a weight that ranges from 15 to 20 pounds, unlike the small size of some other breeds.
a photo of an Australian Terrier which has a life expectancy of 12 to 15 years, unlike the life expectancy of some other breeds.
