a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a height typically between 23 to 27.5 inches at the shoulder for males, and 21.5 to 26 inches for females.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a weight typically between 80 to 115 pounds for males, and 70 to 95 pounds for females.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a tri-colored coat, typically black, white, and rust.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a white chest and a white blaze that runs up the center of the face.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has rust-colored markings above the eyes.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a large, powerful, and sturdy body.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a broad head and a slightly furrowed brow.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has medium-sized, triangular ears set high and rounded at the top.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has dark brown, almond-shaped eyes.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a bushy tail that is carried low.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a thick double coat that is slightly wavy or straight.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a gentle and calm expression.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has strong, straight legs with a good bone structure.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a black nose.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a slightly longer than tall body, giving them a balanced look.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a robust build, but not as agile as some other breeds.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which is generally more calm and laid-back compared to other breeds.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which is often used as a therapy dog or search and rescue dog due to its gentle nature.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a distinctive wrinkled brow and a soft expression.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a strong and sturdy build, but not as athletic as some other breeds.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a thick, double coat that sheds heavily during shedding season.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a generally slower metabolism compared to some other breeds.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a strong instinct to follow commands and please its owner.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a tendency to be a bit more stubborn at times, but responds well to patient training.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a strong desire to please its owner and be part of the family.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a generally healthy breed, but can be prone to certain health issues such as hip dysplasia and elbow dysplasia.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a lifespan of around 6-8 years.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a generally low energy level compared to some other breeds.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a strong instinct to protect its family and territory.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a generally calm and gentle nature, but can be wary of strangers.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a strong desire to be part of the family and be included in all activities.
a photo of a Bernese Mountain Dog which has a generally easy-going and adaptable nature.
