a photo of a box turtle which has a high-domed, rounded, hard shell.
a photo of a box turtle which has a hinged plastron (lower shell) that can close tightly to protect the animal.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is usually brown with yellow or orange markings.
a photo of a box turtle which has a head that can be completely retracted into the shell.
a photo of a box turtle which has a small, hooked upper jaw.
a photo of a box turtle which has limbs that are stumpy and adapted for digging.
a photo of a box turtle which has claws on its feet.
a photo of a box turtle which has a tail that is short and typically tucked to the side.
a photo of a box turtle which has eyes that are typically bright red or orange in males and brown or yellow in females.
a photo of a box turtle which has a size typically ranging from 4.5 to 6 inches in length.
a photo of a box turtle which has a lifespan that can exceed 100 years in the wild.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell pattern that can vary greatly from individual to individual.
a photo of a box turtle which has a skin color that matches the color of the markings on its shell.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is relatively flat on the bottom.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is notched at the rear.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is smooth and does not have large scales like some other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is not as streamlined as those of aquatic or semi-aquatic turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is more rounded and less flat than those of tortoises.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is not as high-domed as those of tortoises.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is not as heavy or thick as those of tortoises.
a photo of a box turtle which has webbed feet that are less prominent compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a plastron (lower shell) that is usually lighter in color than the carapace (upper shell), but not as distinct as in some other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which may have a more rounded head compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a beak-like mouth that is less pronounced compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a tail that is usually shorter and more tucked away compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is typically more rounded and less flat compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is not as dome-shaped compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a shell that is not as hard and more rigid compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a head that is typically more pointed compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a beak-like mouth that is more pronounced compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has a tail that is usually longer and more visible compared to other turtles.
r turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has limbs that are more suited for digging compared to other turtles.
a photo of a box turtle which has claws on its feet that are more suited for digging compared to other turtles.
