a photo of a Brittany dog which has a medium-sized body, typically weighing between 30 to 40 pounds.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a height of 17.5 to 20.5 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a dense, flat or wavy coat that is not curly.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a coat that comes in orange and white or liver and white patterns.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a feathered tail that is typically docked to about four inches long.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a head that is medium length and wedge-shaped.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a slightly rounded skull and a medium-length muzzle.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has ears that are set high, lying flat and close to the head.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has eyes that are well set apart, round, and of medium size, with an expression of intelligence and alertness.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a nose that is either fawn or brown, depending on the color of the coat.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a strong, muscular neck that is medium in length.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a body that is slightly longer than it is tall.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has legs that are straight and parallel when viewed from the front.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a gait that is elastic, long, and free, covering a lot of ground with each stride.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a temperament that is friendly, intelligent, and eager to please.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a significantly smaller size compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a more compact and athletic build.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a shorter neck compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a more rounded skull compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a shorter muzzle compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a different ear set, being higher and closer to the head.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a different coat length, being shorter than English Setter.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has less feathering on the coat compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Brittany dog which has a more docked tail compared to English Setter.
