a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a large, long, and heavy-set body.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a broad and deep chest.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a massive'melting' expression with a large square nose.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a large head with a deep stop between the eyes and the end of the muzzle.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a dense, weather-resistant coat that is primarily white with lemon or orange markings.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has dark amber eyes that are deep-set and have a thoughtful expression.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has long, low-set ears that are covered in heavy feathering.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a straight, strong back with a broad loin.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a tail that is docked and carried level with the back.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has strong, muscular hindquarters.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a slow, rolling gait.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a thick neck, well feathered at the throat.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a wide skull with a pronounced occiput.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a short, straight, dense coat that is soft to the touch.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a large, square, and fleshy nose that is brown in color.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a wide and deep muzzle.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a large and well-developed body, giving an impression of power.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has significantly less feathering on the ears, chest, belly, back of the legs, and tail compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more compact and heavy-set body compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a shorter and more muscular neck compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more pronounced stop between the eyes and the end of the muzzle compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more massive and fleshy nose compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more weather-resistant coat compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more dense and short coat compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more soft and dense coat texture compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more gentle and laid-back temperament compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a lower energy level compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a less instinct to hunt and retrieve compared to English Setter.
a photo of a Clumber Spaniel which has a more laid-back and easy-going nature compared to English Setter.
