a photo of a collie which has a long, lean, and muscular body, unlike the compact, short-coupled body of some breeds.
a photo of a collie which has a wedge-shaped head with a flat skull, unlike the wedge-shaped head that is in proportion with the body.
a photo of a collie which has almond-shaped eyes that are usually dark brown or blue, unlike the almond-shaped eyes that are generally dark, apart from blue merles who may have blue or odd-colored eyes.
a photo of a collie which has ears that are medium-sized and carried semi-erect when alert, unlike the small, flexible ears that are set high on the head.
a photo of a collie which has a long, bushy tail that is carried low, unlike the tail that is feathered and curves up, lying flat on its back.
a photo of a collie which has a double coat with a soft, dense undercoat and a straight, harsh outer coat, unlike the double coat with a long, harsh outer coat and a soft, dense undercoat.
a photo of a collie which has a mane and frill, more abundant in dogs than in bitches, unlike the mane and frill extending over the chest and neck.
a photo of a collie which has a coat color that can be sable and white, tri-color, blue merle, or white, unlike the color that can be black, blue merle, or sable, with various amounts of white and/or tan.
a photo of a collie which has a height of about 22 to 26 inches at the shoulder for males and 20 to 24 inches for females, unlike the size that ranges from 13 to 16 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a collie which has a weight of about 50 to 75 pounds for males and 40 to 65 pounds for females, unlike the weight that ranges from 14 to 27 pounds.
a photo of a collie which has a distinctive, elegant appearance, with a proud carriage, unlike the body that is slightly longer than it is tall.
a photo of a collie which has a gait that is smooth, effortless, and ground-covering, unlike the gait that is smooth, effortless, and ground covering, but may be affected by the body type.
a photo of a collie which has a gentle and intelligent expression, unlike the temperament that is intelligent, agile, and trainable, but may not convey the same level of gentleness.
