a photo of a cornet which has a flared bell at the end.
a photo of a cornet which has three piston valves aligned in a row.
a photo of a cornet which has a mouthpiece at one end.
a photo of a cornet which is typically made of brass or other similar metals.
a photo of a cornet which has a tubing looped to form a straight-sided coil.
a photo of a cornet which has a conical bore, meaning the tube's diameter increases along the length of the instrument.
a photo of a cornet which has a compact shape, smaller than many similar instruments.
a photo of a cornet which has a bright, warm, and mellow tone when played.
a photo of a cornet which has finger buttons to press to change the pitch.
a photo of a cornet which often has a more agile and responsive sound.
a photo of a cornet which is often played by buzzing the lips into the mouthpiece.
a photo of a cornet which is commonly used in jazz, brass bands, and classical music.
a photo of a cornet which may have a lacquer or silver-plate finish.
a photo of a cornet which may have decorative engravings on the bell or elsewhere.
a photo of a cornet which may come with a case for storage and transport.
a photo of a cornet which may be seen in the hands of a musician in a band or orchestra.
a photo of a cornet which may have a mute, a device inserted into the bell to alter the sound.
a photo of a cornet which may have a lyre holder for attaching sheet music.
a photo of a cornet which may have a water key to release moisture build-up.
a photo of a cornet which may have a leadpipe, the part of the instrument where the mouthpiece is inserted.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a sliding mechanism that changes the length of the tube.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a U-shaped section of tubing that connects the mouthpiece to the main tube.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a bell-shaped opening at the opposite end of the mouthpiece.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a counterweight on the opposite end of the slide to balance the instrument.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a curved handle on the slide for the player to hold.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a trigger or F-attachment, a valve that changes the instrument's key.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a water key or spit valve on the main slide.
a photo of a cornet which typically does not have a tuning slide, a small, movable section of tubing used to adjust the instrument's pitch.
