a photo of a crayfish which has a hard, segmented, and elongated body.
a photo of a crayfish which has a pair of large, pincer-like claws at the front.
a photo of a crayfish which has a pair of long, thin antennae.
a photo of a crayfish which has a fan-shaped tail at the end of its body.
a photo of a crayfish which has a total of ten legs, including the two large claws.
a photo of a crayfish which has a pair of stalked eyes that can move independently.
a photo of a crayfish which has a color that ranges from brown to green, depending on the species and environment.
a photo of a crayfish which has a small, pointed rostrum between the eyes.
a photo of a crayfish which has a pair of smaller appendages near the mouth used for feeding.
a photo of a crayfish which has a hard exoskeleton that it sheds and regrows as it grows larger.
a photo of a crayfish which has a body divided into two main parts: the cephalothorax (head and thorax combined) and the abdomen.
a photo of a crayfish which has gills for breathing located under the body near the claws.
a photo of a crayfish which has a size that typically ranges from 2 to 6 inches in length, depending on the species.
a photo of a crayfish which may have a series of small, sharp spines on the sides of its body.
a photo of a crayfish which has a tail that is segmented and can be flexed under the body for rapid backward movement.
a photo of a crayfish which may have a pattern or markings on its body, again depending on the species and environment.
a photo of a crayfish which has a pair of maxillipeds that are smaller and not as powerful as those of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has a pair of swimmerets that are smaller and not as prominent as those of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has a sternum that is wider than that of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has claws that are more symmetrical and not as asymmetrical as those of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has a carapace that is not as large and heavy as that of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has a ventral side that is not as light-colored as the dorsal side.
a photo of a crayfish which has a size that is generally smaller than that of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has a lifespan that is generally shorter than that of the American lobster.
a photo of a crayfish which has a more rapid growth rate than the American lobster.
