a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a long body in comparison to its height.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a unique 'pencil' tail that tapers to a point.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has large, round, expressive eyes that are dark hazel in color.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a large head covered with soft, silky hair.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a distinctive 'top-knot' of hair on the head.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has short legs, with the front legs being particularly muscular.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a deep chest and a well-arched loin.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a double coat, with a softer undercoat and a harsher topcoat.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a coat color that is either pepper (ranging from dark bluish black to light silvery grey) or mustard (ranging from reddish brown to pale fawn).
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a low-set, pendulous ears covered with long, straight hair.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a strong jaw with a scissor bite.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a confident and dignified demeanor.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a height that ranges from 8 to 11 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a weight that ranges from 18 to 24 pounds.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a lifespan typically between 12 to 15 years.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a generally longer body than Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a unique tail shape compared to Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has large, expressive eyes compared to the small, dark eyes of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a large head with soft, silky hair compared to the compact head of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a distinctive 'top-knot' of hair on the head compared to the ruff of hair on the neck of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has short legs with muscular front legs compared to the compact body of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a deep chest and well-arched loin compared to the broad back of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a double coat with a softer undercoat compared to the harsh outer coat of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a coat color that is pepper or mustard compared to the red, wheaten, black and tan, or grizzle colors of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has low-set, pendulous ears compared to the dropped ears of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a strong jaw with a scissor bite compared to the perfect scissor bite of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a confident demeanor compared to the lively gait of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a weight range that is generally higher than Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a height range that is generally lower than Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Dandie Dinmont Terrier which has a lifespan that is generally longer than Norfolk Terrier.
