a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a broad, oval body.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a shell that is slightly longer than it is wide.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a shell that is typically purplish-brown in color, but can also be a lighter, yellowish-brown.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a pair of large, powerful pincers at the front of its body.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a total of ten legs, including the pincers.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a pair of stalked eyes that are located on the front of the body.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a series of sharp, pointed teeth along the front edge of the shell.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a pair of smaller, secondary pincers located further back on the body.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a series of triangular, pointed spines along the lateral edges of the shell.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a smooth, unsegmented abdomen that is tucked under the body.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a shell that can reach up to 25 centimeters in width.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a pair of antennae located between the eyes.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a series of small, hair-like structures called setae covering the body.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a pair of paddle-like appendages at the back of the body, used for swimming.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a series of small, round openings called spiracles on the underside of the body, used for breathing.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a pair of long, slender legs that are used for walking and climbing.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a body that is wider than it is long is not typical for Dungeness crab.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a rough and spiny exoskeleton is not typical for Dungeness crab.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a body covered in sharp, pointed projections is not typical for Dungeness crab.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a segmented tail is not typical for Dungeness crab.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a lifespan of up to 30 years in the wild is not typical for Dungeness crab.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a body that can grow up to 5 feet from claw to claw is not typical for Dungeness crab.
a photo of a Dungeness crab which has a body that can weigh up to 24 pounds in mature males is not typical for Dungeness crab.
