a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a distinctive upturned snout.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a head that is wider than its neck.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has the ability to flatten its neck and raise its head off the ground, similar to a cobra.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has small, beady eyes with round pupils.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has dark blotches or spots along its back and sides.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a lighter colored belly, often checkered with dark squares.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has keeled scales, giving it a rough appearance.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a unique defensive behavior of playing dead when threatened.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a habit of burrowing in sandy or loose soil.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a tendency to hiss loudly when disturbed.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a habit of eating toads and other small animals.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which is found in a variety of habitats, including forests, fields, and coastal areas.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which can grow up to 3.5 feet in length.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a thick body.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a color that varies from yellow, brown, gray, olive, to black.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a tail that tapers to a sharp point. (Note: Water snakes also have tails that taper to a point, but eastern hog-nosed snakes tend to have a more distinct tapering)
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a dorsal color that varies from brown to gray or olive green. (Note: While both species have similar color variations, eastern hog-nosed snakes tend to have more vibrant colors and a wider range of colors)
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which may have dark crossbands or blotches along the body. (Note: Both species can have dark crossbands or blotches, but eastern hog-nosed snakes tend to have more distinct and prominent markings)
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a forked tongue. (Note: Both species have forked tongues, but eastern hog-nosed snakes tend to have a more prominent forked tongue)
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which may show a defensive behavior of flattening its body and head to appear larger. (Note: Both species can exhibit this behavior, but eastern hog-nosed snakes tend to be more dramatic and exaggerated in their defensive posturing)
