a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a distinctive upturned snout.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a thick body that can grow up to 3.5 feet in length.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a color that varies from yellow, brown, gray, olive, to black.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has dark blotches or spots along its back and sides.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a lighter colored belly, often checkered with dark squares.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has keeled scales, giving it a rough appearance.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a head that is wider than its neck.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has the ability to flatten its neck and raise its head off the ground, similar to a cobra.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has small, beady eyes with round pupils.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a tail that tapers to a sharp point.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a unique defensive behavior of playing dead when threatened.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a habit of burrowing in sandy or loose soil.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a tendency to hiss loudly when disturbed.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a habit of eating toads and other small animals.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which is found in a variety of habitats, including forests, fields, and coastal areas.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a body that is covered with keeled scales, unlike smooth scales of some other snakes.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a distinctive way of playing dead, often involving lying on its back and spreading its jaws.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a tendency to vibrate its tail when threatened.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a relatively short, broad head compared to its neck.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a more robust build than some other non-venomous snakes.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a unique way of moving, often involving a slow, deliberate gait.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a relatively short length compared to Indian cobra.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which has a rougher appearance due to its keeled scales.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a hood that can expand when threatened.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a pair of large, fixed fangs in the front of the mouth.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a distinctive spectacle pattern on the back of its hood.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a smooth dorsal scales arranged in 21-25 rows at midbody.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a belly that is usually cream or light colored.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a tail that is ringed or banded.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a head that is elliptical and slightly distinct from the neck.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have eyes with round pupils.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a short, rounded snout.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a pair of supraorbital ridges or "brows" giving the snake a "frowning" appearance.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a ventral scale count of 170-192.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a subcaudal scale count of 47-61.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a dorsal scale count of 21-25.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a spectacle or "glasses" pattern on the back of its hood, which can be seen when the hood is expanded.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a body that is moderately slender and compressed.
a photo of a eastern hog-nosed snake which does not have a pair of short, fixed fangs in the front upper jaw.
