a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a medium-sized, muscular body with a slightly arched back.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a wedge-shaped head with a slight break at the muzzle.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has large, almond-shaped, gooseberry green eyes.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has medium to large sized ears that are broad at the base and moderately pointed.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a coat with a unique spotted pattern.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has dark mascara lines extending from the corners of its eyes.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a skin flap extending from the flank to the back knee, providing for greater agility and length of stride.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a tail that is medium in length, thick at the base, and tapers slightly towards the end.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a coat that comes in three colors: silver, bronze, or smoke.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a distinctive "M" shaped mark on its forehead.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a scarab beetle or "M" mark on the back of its head.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has dark markings on its legs and tail.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a coat that is medium in length, dense, and resilient to the touch.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a belly skin that is loose, allowing it to stretch and move quickly.
a photo of a Egyptian Mau which has a double coat that gives it a unique shimmering effect.
mering effect.
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has a broad chest and strong, sturdy body (Note: This attribute is also present in tabby cats, but in Egyptian Maus, it is often accompanied by other distinctive features)
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has a unique body type that allows for greater agility and speed.
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has a distinctive coat pattern that is not found in tabby cats.
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has a coat that is not multicolored or patched like tabby cats.
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has a wedge-shaped head that is different from the round or oval-shaped head of tabby cats.
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has large, almond-shaped eyes that are a unique gooseberry green color.
a photo of an Egyptian Mau which has a coat that is not short to medium in length like tabby cats.
