a photo of an English Foxhound which has a muscular, athletic body.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a broad, flat skull.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a long, slightly domed muzzle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has medium-sized, brown or hazel eyes.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a medium-length, straight tail that is carried high but not curled over the back.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a dense, hard, glossy coat that is predominantly white with black and tan markings.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a large, round feet with hard, black pads.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a low-set, long ears that reach nearly to the end of the nose when pulled forward.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a strong, straight back.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a deep chest for lung capacity when hunting.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a height at the shoulder between 21 to 25 inches.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a weight between 65 to 75 pounds.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a friendly and gentle expression.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a strong, muscular neck.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a strong, powerful shoulders and thighs for stamina and speed.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a straight or slightly curved, strong jawline.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a body that is slightly longer than it is tall.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a coat that is resistant to weather and dirt.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a moderate stop (the point at which the forehead meets the muzzle).
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a strong, well-boned legs.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a height that is significantly taller than that of a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a body proportion that is more elongated compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a skull shape that is flatter and broader compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a muzzle that is longer and more pointed compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a nose that is less prominent and not black compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has eyes that are smaller and less round compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has ears that are shorter and not as pendant compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a neck that is shorter and less sloping compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a coat that is harder and more glossy compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a coat color that is predominantly white with black and tan markings compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a weight that is significantly heavier than that of a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a gait that is more energetic and springy but not suitable for hunting compared to a Beagle.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a coat that gets heavier in the winter, but not as dense as a Beagle's.
a photo of an English Foxhound which has a characteristic tail that is straight and not white-tipped compared to a Beagle.
