a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a compact, muscular and agile body.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a tricolor coat, primarily black with symmetrical markings of white and rust.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a broad, flat forehead and a strong, well-developed jaw.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has small, triangular ears that are set high and rounded at the tips.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has dark brown eyes that are slightly small and oval in shape.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a bushy tail that is carried low.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a short and dense double coat.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a white chest and white feet.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has rust-colored markings above the eyes.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a height ranging from 16 to 21 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a weight ranging from 45 to 65 pounds.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a strong and muscular neck.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a straight back with a broad and muscular loin.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a deep chest that reaches to the elbows.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a confident and lively expression.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a strong, straight front legs and well-angulated rear legs.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a natural herding instinct.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a robust and harmonious build, denoting great agility and endurance.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a significantly shorter height than the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a lower weight than the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has smaller, triangular ears compared to the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has smaller, oval-shaped eyes compared to the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a short and dense double coat, unlike the thick double coat of the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a bushy tail that is carried low, unlike the tail carried low when relaxed of the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a strong, straight front legs and well-angulated rear legs, unlike the powerful, smooth gait of the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a robust and harmonious build, denoting great agility and endurance, unlike the more muscular build of the Greater Swiss Mountain Dog.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a compact, muscular and agile body, unlike the robust and athletic build of the Appenzeller Sennenhund.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a tricolor coat, primarily black with symmetrical markings of white and rust, unlike the unique tricolor coat pattern with black, brown, white, and rust markings of the Appenzeller Sennenhund.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a broad, flat forehead and a strong, well-developed jaw, unlike the wedge-shaped head with a flat skull of the Appenzeller Sennenhund.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a short and dense double coat, unlike the distinctive, thick double coat that is shiny and dense of the Appenzeller Sennenhund.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a bushy tail that is carried low, unlike the bushy tail that is carried rolled up on its back of the Appenzeller Sennenhund.
a photo of a Entlebucher Sennenhund which has a natural her
