a photo of a fire salamander which has a black body with bright yellow to orange-red spots or stripes.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a robust body with a broad, flat head.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a length ranging from 15 to 25 cm.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a tail that is cylindrical and slightly shorter than the rest of the body.
a photo of a fire salamander which has smooth, shiny skin.
a photo of a fire salamander which has eyes with a black iris and gold or silver retinal flecks.
a photo of a fire salamander which has four toes on the front feet and five on the rear feet.
a photo of a fire salamander which has parotoid glands behind the eyes.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a ventral side that is usually less brightly colored than the dorsal side.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a body shape that is typical of salamanders, with a long body and tail and short legs.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a skin that secretes a toxic, milky substance when threatened.
a photo of a fire salamander which has nostrils located very close to the upper jaw.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a lifespan of up to 50 years in captivity.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a preference for deciduous forests with high humidity and cool temperatures.
a photo of a fire salamander which is nocturnal and is most active during rainy weather.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a diet that consists mainly of various insects, spiders, earthworms and slugs.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a mating season that occurs in the spring and fall.
a photo of a fire salamander which has females that give birth to live young, rather than laying eggs.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a slow movement and is not capable of walking fast or running.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a hibernation period during the winter months.
a photo of a fire salamander which has yellow to orange-red spots or stripes that are bright and distinct.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a broader head compared to the neck.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a more toxic skin secretion compared to other salamander species.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a more limited activity period compared to other salamander species.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a longer lifespan compared to other salamander species.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a more specific habitat preference compared to other salamander species.
a photo of a fire salamander which has a unique mating and reproduction process compared to other salamander species.
