a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a large frill around its neck that can be spread out.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a body color that ranges from brown to grey.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a long tail, approximately twice the length of its body.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a body length of up to 85-90 cm.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a wide, gaping mouth.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has two large, hind legs used for bipedal locomotion.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has smaller front legs with sharp claws.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a rough, scaly texture on its skin.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a frill that is usually brightly colored with spots and blotches.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a triangular-shaped head.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a frill that is supported by long, flexible spines of cartilage.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has eyes on the sides of its head, providing a wide field of view.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a long, slender tongue.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a frill that can be used to intimidate potential predators.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a skin that can change color to blend with its environment.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a slender and moderately compressed body.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a frill that, when not in use, folds back against its body.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has nostrils on the tip of its snout, unlike green iguana which has nostrils on the top of its snout.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a forked tongue, but not as long as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a mouth lined with small, sharp teeth, but not as large as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a body structure that is not as robust as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a hump on the back of its neck, but it is not as prominent as that of male green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a jowl, but it is not as fatty as that of male green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a large, round scale on its cheek known as a subtympanic shield, but it is not as prominent as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a parietal eye, but it is not as prominent as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a skin texture that appears rough due to scales, but it is not as prominent as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a long, pointed snout, but it is not as long as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has sharp claws on its feet, but they are not as large as those of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a predominantly green color, but it is not as prominent as that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a length that can reach up to 2 feet (60 cm) from head to tail, which is much shorter than that of green iguana.
a photo of a frilled-necked lizard which has a robust body structure, but it is not as muscular as that of male green iguana.
