a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a black and tan coat color with tan markings appearing over the eyes, on the cheeks, chest, legs, and vent.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a long, silky coat that may have waves but not curls.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a muscular and substantial body, suggesting strength and stamina.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a head that is deep rather than broad, with plenty of brain room.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a long and lean neck, which is carried high and merges gradually into the shoulders.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a tail that is straight or slightly curved, and is carried horizontally or nearly so.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has ears that are set low and hang close to the head.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a size that is typically between 23 to 27 inches at the shoulder for males, and slightly smaller for females.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a weight that typically ranges from 55 to 80 pounds.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a deep chest that reaches to the elbows.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a moderate stop, with the skull and muzzle being approximately equal in length.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has dark brown eyes that are oval in shape and set well apart.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a strong, square muzzle with a clearly defined underjaw.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a scissors bite, where the upper teeth closely overlapping the lower teeth and set square to the jaws.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a gait that is a bold, strong, driving free-swinging trot.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a temperament that is confident, alert, and eager.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a broad, flat skull.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a strong, muscular back.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a well-sprung ribcage.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a strong, muscular hindquarters.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a medium-sized, oval feet with thick pads.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a high-set tail carriage.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a moderate to high energy level.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a high intelligence level.
a photo of a Gordon Setter which has a strong hunting instinct.
