a photo of a grasshopper which has six legs, with the hind legs being significantly larger and stronger for jumping.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a pair of long, thin antennae.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a hard exoskeleton.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a color that typically ranges from green to brown, helping it blend in with plants.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a pair of mandibles for biting and chewing food.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a short, unsegmented abdomen ending in a pair of cerci.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a thorax that is divided into a prothorax, mesothorax, and metathorax.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a pair of tympanal organs, used for the detection of sound.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a pair of spiracles, or breathing tubes, along the sides of the body.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a pair of ovipositors in females, used for laying eggs.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a size that typically ranges from 0.39 to 2.75 inches in length.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a life cycle that includes the stages of egg, nymph, and adult.
a photo of a grasshopper which has two pairs of wings, one narrow and tough, the other wide and flexible.
a photo of a grasshopper which has large, round eyes on the sides of its head.
a photo of a grasshopper which has two pairs of wings, one narrow and tough, the other wide and flexible, which is not typically seen in praying mantis.
a photo of a grasshopper which has large, round eyes on the sides of its head, which is different from the triangular head with large compound eyes on each side of praying mantis.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a short, unsegmented abdomen ending in a pair of cerci, which is different from the long, segmented abdomen of praying mantis.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a pair of ovipositors in females, used for laying eggs, which is not typically seen in praying mantis.
a photo of a grasshopper which has a size that typically ranges from 0.39 to 2.75 inches in length, which is generally smaller than the size of praying mantis.
