a photo of a great white shark which has a conical snout.
a photo of a great white shark which has a large, torpedo-shaped body.
a photo of a great white shark which has a crescent-shaped tail.
a photo of a great white shark which has a grey upper body to blend in with the rocky sea floor.
a photo of a great white shark which has a white underbelly to blend in with the bright surface of the sea.
a photo of a great white shark which has a row of large, triangular teeth that are serrated along the sides.
a photo of a great white shark which has a pair of dorsal fins, the first one being much larger than the second.
a photo of a great white shark which has a pair of pectoral fins that are large and triangular.
a photo of a great white shark which has small, circular eyes.
a photo of a great white shark which has five gill slits on each side of its head.
a photo of a great white shark which has a pair of pelvic fins near the tail.
a photo of a great white shark which has an anal fin located on the underside, towards the tail.
a photo of a great white shark which has a secondary tail fin, or caudal keel, located near the base of the tail.
a photo of a great white shark which has a unique pattern of notches and scars on its dorsal fin and side flanks.
a photo of a great white shark which has a size that can range from 11 to 20 feet in length.
a photo of a great white shark which has a weight that can range from 1500 to 2400 pounds.
a photo of a great white shark which has a streamlined shape for efficient swimming.
a photo of a great white shark which has a blunt, rounded tip on its snout is not typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a mouth that extends past the eyes when opened.
a photo of a great white shark which has a unique pattern of grey and white coloration, known as countershading.
a photo of a great white shark which has a blunt, rounded snout is not typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a unique swimming style, characterized by fast, powerful movements is not typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a skin that is smooth to the touch is typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a unique pattern of dark stripes and spots on its skin is not typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a large, robust body is not typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a coloration that is bluish-green to dark grey on the dorsal side and lighter on the ventral side is not typical.
a photo of a great white shark which has a noticeably long upper tail, almost equal to the length of the rest of the body is not typical.
