a predominantly white coat, sometimes with patches of gray, tan, or badger.
a large, powerful build, often compared to a bear.
a thick, weather-resistant double coat that is slightly wavy or straight.
a plumed tail that is carried low, reaching at least to the hocks.
a wedge-shaped head with a slightly rounded crown.
medium-sized, almond-shaped eyes that are dark brown.
small to medium-sized ears that are set at eye level and hang down close to the head.
a strong, muscular neck.
a broad, deep chest.
a strong, level back.
a height at the shoulder between 25 to 32 inches for males and 25 to 29 inches for females.
a weight ranging from 85 to 100 pounds for females and 100 to 160 pounds for males.
a strong, muscular body with a slightly longer body than height.
a calm and gentle expression.
a strong, straight back with a broad loin.
a strong, feathered tail that is set on low.
a strong, muscular hindquarters and well-bent stifles.
large, slightly rounded feet with well-arched toes.
a black nose and lips.
strong, white teeth meeting in a scissors or level bite.
a dense undercoat and a longer outer coat, providing protection from harsh weather conditions.
a predominantly white coat color with possible patches of gray, tan, or badger, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
a larger and more powerful build compared to Kuvasz.
a more weather-resistant double coat compared to Kuvasz.
a plumed tail that is carried low and reaches at least to the hocks, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
a wedge-shaped head with a slightly rounded crown, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
a smaller and more set back ears compared to Kuvasz.
a broader and deeper chest compared to Kuvasz.
a longer body compared to height, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
a strong, straight back with a broad loin, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
a strong, feathered tail that is set on low, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
a strong, muscular hindquarters and well-bent stifles, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
larger, slightly rounded feet with well-arched toes, which is not seen in Kuvasz.
es dog which has a wedge-shaped head that is slightly different from the slightly tapered muzzle of the other breed.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a plumed tail that is carried low, which is a distinguishing feature from the Kuvasz breed.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a strong, muscular neck that is well-defined from the rest of the body.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a broad, deep chest that is deeper than the strong and broad chest of the other breed.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a weight ranging from 85 to 100 pounds for females and 100 to 160 pounds for males, which is different from the weight range of the other breed.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a strong, muscular body with a slightly longer body than height, which is different from the body proportions of the other breed.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a strong, straight back with a broad loin, which is a distinguishing feature from the level and strong back of the other breed.
a photo of a Great Pyrenees dog which has a large, slightly rounded feet with well-arched toes, which is different from the body proportions of the other breed.
