a photo of a green iguana which has a row of spines running down its back to its tail.
a photo of a green iguana which has a dewlap, a flap of skin, hanging from its neck.
a photo of a green iguana which has a long, whip-like tail.
a photo of a green iguana which has a predominantly green color, although it can also be brown, blue, or orange.
a photo of a green iguana which has a large, round scale on its cheek known as a subtympanic shield.
a photo of a green iguana which has a robust body structure.
a photo of a green iguana which has a long, pointed snout.
a photo of a green iguana which has sharp claws on its feet.
a photo of a green iguana which has a parietal eye, a small light-sensitive spot on the top of its head.
a photo of a green iguana which has a long, slender body.
a photo of a green iguana which has a length that can reach up to 6.6 feet (2 meters) from head to tail.
a photo of a green iguana which has a jowl, a fatty tissue under the skin, in males.
a photo of a green iguana which has a round, white, black-rimmed iris.
a photo of a green iguana which has a hump on the back of its neck, more prominent in males.
a photo of a green iguana which has a skin that can change color based on temperature, mood, or health.
a photo of a green iguana which has a mouth lined with small, sharp teeth.
a photo of a green iguana which has a forked tongue.
a photo of a green iguana which has nostrils on the top of its snout.
a photo of a green iguana which has a muscular physique, especially in males.
a photo of a green iguana which has a skin texture that appears rough due to scales.
a photo of a green iguana which has a robust tail, unlike the long tail of the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a dewlap that is not a frill, unlike the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a color palette that is different from the brown to grey color of the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a large subtympanic shield that is not present in the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a distinctively different body structure compared to the slender and moderately compressed body of the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a pointed snout that is different from the triangular-shaped head of the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a distinctive skin color-changing ability that is not present in the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a unique combination of physical attributes that set it apart from the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a long length that is significantly different from the body length of the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a distinctive jowl and hump on the back of its neck, which are not present in the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a muscular physique that is not present in the frilled-necked lizard.
a photo of a green iguana which has a skin texture that is rough due to scales, unlike the smooth skin of some other lizards.
