a grey fox which has a grizzled grey coat on its upper body.
a grey fox which has a white underbelly and inner ears.
a grey fox which has a black stripe running down the length of its tail.
a grey fox which has a black-tipped tail.
a grey fox which has a rounded face with a pointed snout.
a grey fox which has a body length of approximately 76 to 112.5 cm including the tail.
a grey fox which has a weight ranging from 3.6 to 7 kg.
a grey fox which has strong, hooked claws for climbing.
a grey fox which has oval-shaped pupils.
a grey fox which has a bushy tail for balance.
a grey fox which has a pair of pointed ears on top of its head.
a grey fox which has a slightly arched back.
a grey fox which has a pair of short legs.
a grey fox which has a dense underfur.
a grey fox which has a pair of large, bright eyes.
a grey fox which has a distinctive mane of long, stiff hairs on the back of its neck and shoulders.
a grey fox which has a muzzle that is shorter and broader than that of a similar-sized dog.
a grey fox which has a dental formula of 3/3-1/1-4/4-2/3 = 42.
a grey fox which has a pair of canine teeth that are relatively long and sharp.
a grey fox which has a pair of small, rounded ears that are set well apart.
a grey fox which has a pair of hind feet that are longer than its front feet.
a grey fox which has a pair of forefeet that have five toes, while the hind feet have only four.
a grey fox which has a pair of forelimbs that are designed for grasping and climbing.
a grey fox which has a pair of hind limbs that are designed for leaping and sprinting.
a grey fox which has a pair of nostrils that are large and well developed.
a grey fox which has a pair of eyes that are forward-facing, providing binocular vision.
a grey fox which has a pair of cheeks that are lighter in color than the rest of the face.
a grey fox which has a pair of lips that are black in color.
a grey fox which has a pair of whiskers that are long and sensitive.
a grey fox which has a pair of paws that are soft and padded for silent movement.
a grey fox which has a pair of shoulder blades that are not attached to the collarbone, allowing for greater flexibility when running.
a grey fox which has a pair of lungs that are large and well developed, allowing for rapid breathing when running.
a grey fox which has a pair of kidneys that are highly efficient at conserving water.
a grey fox which has a pair of glands near the anus that produce a strong-smelling secretion used for marking territory.
a grey fox which has a pair of testes in males that are located in a scrotum, which is a pouch of skin hanging behind the penis.
a grey fox which has a pair of mammary glands in females that are located on the chest and abdomen.
a grey fox which has a pair of ovaries in females that are located in the lower abdomen.
a grey fox which has a pair of adrenal glands that are located near the kidneys and produce hormones that help the body respond to stress.
a grey fox which has a pair of salivary glands that are located in the mouth and produce saliva, which helps in digestion and keeps the mouth moist.
a grey fox which has a pair of sweat glands that are located in the skin and produce sweat, which helps to cool the body.
a grey fox which has a pair of sebaceous glands that are located in the skin and produce sebum, which helps to keep the skin and fur soft and waterproof.
a grey fox which has a pair of tear glands that are located near the eyes and produce tears, which help to keep the eyes moist and clean.
a grey fox which has a pair of thyroid glands that are located in the neck and produce hormones that regulate metabolism.
a grey fox which has a pair of pancreas that are located in the abdomen and produce enzymes that help in digestion.
a grey fox which has a pair of liver that are located in the abdomen and detoxify harmful substances in the body.
a grey fox which has a pair of gallbladder that are located in the abdomen and store bile, which helps in digestion.
a grey fox which has a pair of spleen that are located in the abdomen and filter blood and help in the immune response.
a grey
