A photo of a hartebeest which has a long, narrow face, almost like that of a horse.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a pair of heavily ringed horns that arch backward.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a body that is covered in a coat of short, glossy hair.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a color that varies from sandy to chocolate brown in adults, with younger individuals being lighter.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a white belly and a black stripe running from the chin to the lower edge of the neck.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a distinctive hump at the shoulders.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a tail that is long and ends with a black tuft.
A photo of a hartebeest which has long, slender legs, adapted for fast running.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a body size that is larger than a deer but smaller than a horse.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a body length ranging from 150 to 230 cm, and a shoulder height from 100 to 140 cm.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a weight that ranges from 100 to 200 kg.
A photo of a hartebeest which has both sexes possessing horns, with those of males being thicker and longer.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a lifespan of 12 to 15 years in the wild.
A photo of a hartebeest which is typically found in medium and tall grasslands, including savannas.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a coat color that does not include a reddish-brown tone.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have a black stripe running down each thigh.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have a unique 'M' marking on its rear, formed by black hair.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have a black stripe running from the forehead down the middle of the nose.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have large, rounded ears.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have large, expressive eyes with a light brown to orange color.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have a slight hump over the shoulders.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have a white 'eyebrow' marking above each eye.
A photo of a hartebeest which does not have a white 'chinstrap' marking under the jaw.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a pair of horns that do not resemble long, slender, ringed horns.
A photo of a hartebeest which has a distinctive facial feature that is unlike the pointed head of an impala (antelope).
A photo of a hartebeest which has a body shape that is not as slender and agile as an impala (antelope).
