a photo of a hatchet which has a short handle, typically made of wood or plastic.
a photo of a hatchet which has a metal head, usually made of steel.
a photo of a hatchet which has a sharp edge on one side of the head.
a photo of a hatchet which is small enough to be used with one hand.
a photo of a hatchet which has a hole or socket where the handle is attached to the head.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a sheath or cover for the sharp edge when not in use.
a photo of a hatchet which is typically used for chopping wood or as a tool in camping.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a curved or straight handle.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a textured grip on the handle for secure holding.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a lanyard hole at the end of the handle.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a notch near the head, used for pulling nails.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a brand name or logo imprinted on the head or handle.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a polished or unpolished metal head.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a varnished or unvarnished wooden handle.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a head that is wider than the handle.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a head that is heavier than the handle.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a handle that is curved at the end to prevent slipping.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a head that is slightly curved for efficient chopping.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a handle that is slightly tapered towards the head for a comfortable grip.
a photo of a hatchet which has a relatively smaller size compared to hammers.
a photo of a hatchet which has a heavier head compared to its handle.
a photo of a hatchet which has a sharp edge used primarily for chopping wood or cutting.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a fixed or detachable handle.
a photo of a hatchet which has a flat surface used for hammering but not as prominent as hammers.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a specialized handle material for durability and strength.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a head made of softer materials like brass or rubber to avoid damaging surfaces in specific situations.
a photo of a hatchet which may have a head that is wedge-shaped, used for splitting wood but less common.
