a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a slender, agile body typically between 75 and 95 cm tall at the shoulder.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a glossy, reddish brown coat.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has white underparts, including a white belly and a white line above the tail.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a unique black stripe running down each thigh.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a black tuft of hair at the end of its tail.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has long, slender, ringed horns that can reach up to 90 cm in length, typically in males.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a characteristic 'M' marking on its rear, formed by black hair.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has large, rounded ears.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a black stripe running from the forehead down the middle of the nose.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has large, expressive eyes with a light brown to orange color.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a slight hump over the shoulders.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has long, slender legs with sharp, cloven hooves.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a long neck with a small, pointed head.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a white 'eyebrow' marking above each eye.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a white 'chinstrap' marking under the jaw.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a coat color that does not match the typical fawn-colored coat of a different species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has horns that are typically longer than those of a different species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a more reddish-brown coat color compared to a different species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has distinctive facial markings, such as a black stripe running from the forehead down the middle of the nose, that are different from a different species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a black stripe running down each thigh, that is a unique characteristic of this species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a white line above the tail, that is a distinctive feature of this species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a black tuft of hair at the end of its tail, that is a unique characteristic of this species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a slight hump over the shoulders, that is a distinctive feature of this species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a white 'chinstrap' marking under the jaw, that is a unique characteristic of this species.
a photo of a impala (antelope) which has a white 'eyebrow' marking above each eye, that is a distinctive feature of this species.
