a photo of an infant bed which has a rectangular shape with a flat bottom and raised sides.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed to accommodate a small mattress.
a photo of an infant bed which has bars or slats on the sides to prevent a child from falling out.
a photo of an infant bed which is typically made of wood, metal, or plastic.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a canopy or a mobile hanging over it.
a photo of an infant bed which may have adjustable height levels for the mattress.
a photo of an infant bed which may have one or two sides that can be lowered for easy access.
a photo of an infant bed which may have wheels or casters for easy movement.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a storage drawer underneath.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a teething rail, a protective plastic coating around the edges.
a photo of an infant bed which may be convertible into a toddler bed.
a photo of an infant bed which is small enough to fit through a standard doorway.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a locking mechanism for safety.
a photo of an infant bed which may come with a matching changing table or dresser.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a rocking or swinging feature.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed for use by infants and very young children.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a mesh side for breathability in some modern designs.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a bumper pad around the inside perimeter.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a musical element attached to it.
a photo of an infant bed which is typically found in a nursery or child's bedroom.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed for long-term use or for use after the baby can roll over or push up on their hands and knees.
a photo of an infant bed which is larger than a bassinet.
a photo of an infant bed which has a flat sleeping surface without any soft, padded sides.
a photo of an infant bed which does not have a hood or canopy to shield the baby from light.
a photo of an infant bed which does not have a storage area underneath for baby essentials.
a photo of an infant bed which is not portable and lightweight.
a photo of an infant bed which does not have a rocking or gliding feature.
a photo of an infant bed which does not have a removable, washable fabric liner.
a photo of an infant bed which does not have mesh sides for breathability and visibility.
a photo of an infant bed which is not designed for short-term use.
