a photo of an infant bed which has a rectangular shape with a flat bottom and raised sides.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed to accommodate a small mattress.
a photo of an infant bed which has bars or slats on the sides to prevent a child from falling out.
a photo of an infant bed which is typically made of wood, metal, or plastic.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a canopy or a mobile hanging over it.
a photo of an infant bed which may have adjustable height levels for the mattress.
a photo of an infant bed which may have one or two sides that can be lowered for easy access.
a photo of an infant bed which may have wheels or casters for easy movement.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a storage drawer underneath.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a teething rail, a protective plastic coating around the edges.
a photo of an infant bed which may be convertible into a toddler bed.
a photo of an infant bed which is small enough to fit through a standard doorway.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a locking mechanism for safety.
a photo of an infant bed which may come with a matching changing table or dresser.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a rocking or swinging feature.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed for use by infants and very young children.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a mesh side for breathability in some modern designs.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a bumper pad around the inside perimeter.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a musical element attached to it.
a photo of an infant bed which is typically found in a nursery or child's bedroom.
a photo of an infant bed which has a flat bottom and is not elevated like a cradle.
a photo of an infant bed which has a fixed position and does not have a rocking or swinging mechanism like some cradles.
a photo of an infant bed which has a rectangular shape and is not a bed-like structure like a cradle.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed for a child to lie on their back and not for a baby to be held or carried like in a cradle.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a guard rail to prevent a child from rolling out of bed.
a photo of an infant bed which may have a firm, flat mattress and not a soft, padded surface like a cradle.
a photo of an infant bed which is designed to provide a safe sleeping space for infants and toddlers.
