a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a dense and wiry coat.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which displays a color ranging from bright red to golden red.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a beard around its mouth and longer hair on its legs.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has small, dark, and intelligent eyes.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has small, V-shaped ears that fold forward.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a medium-sized body, neither too small nor too large.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a strong and muscular build.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a tail that is customarily docked.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a rectangular-shaped body, longer than it is tall.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a long head that is in proportion to the rest of its body.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a black nose.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a lively and confident expression.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a deep chest and strong, straight back.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a gait that is free and true.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a double coat with a softer undercoat and a harsher outer coat.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a strong jaw with a perfect, regular scissor bite.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a lively and intelligent temperament.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a strong, muscular neck.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a body that is slightly longer than its height at the withers.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a coat that is resistant to the weather and dirt.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a height range of 18 to 20 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a weight range of 25 to 30 pounds.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a lifespan of 12 to 14 years.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a relatively lower tendency to dig and hunt compared to some other breeds.
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a height range of 18 to 20 inches at the shoulder (compared to 9 to 10 inches for Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a weight range of 25 to 30 pounds (compared to 11 to 12 pounds for Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a coat color that is typically bright red to golden red (compared to red, wheaten, black and tan, or grizzle for Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a beard around its mouth and longer hair on its legs (not typically found in Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a strong and muscular build (compared to a small, compact body size for Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a rectangular-shaped body, longer than it is tall (compared to a more compact body shape for Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a double coat with a softer undercoat and a harsher outer coat (compared to a double coat with a soft, warm undercoat and a harsh, weather-resistant outer coat for Norfolk Terrier).
a photo of an Irish Terrier which has a lively and intelligent temperament but relatively lower tendency to dig and hunt compared to some other breeds.
