a photo of a magnetic compass which has a circular or rectangular shape.
a photo of a magnetic compass which contains a needle or arrow that is often red or white.
a photo of a magnetic compass which has cardinal directions (North, South, East, West) marked on it.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have additional direction markings such as NE, SE, SW, NW.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a rotating bezel around the edge.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have degree markings from 0 to 360 around the edge.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a liquid-filled chamber to stabilize the needle.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a sighting mirror for more accurate readings.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a baseplate with a ruler or scale for map reading.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a lanyard or strap attached for carrying.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a declination adjustment feature.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a luminous marking for low light conditions.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a clinometer to measure angles of slope.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a magnifying lens for map reading.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a global needle for use in different hemispheres.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a sighting notch or line for aligning with landmarks.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a bubble level to ensure accurate readings.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a protective cover or case.
a photo of a magnetic compass which has a transparent or translucent face to display the needle and markings.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a magnetic needle that points towards the Earth's magnetic North Pole.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a non-magnetic baseplate to prevent interference.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a adjustable declination correction feature.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a tilt-compensated needle for accurate readings in any position.
a photo of a magnetic compass which may have a emergency strobe light or beacon for signaling.
