a photo of a microwave oven which has a rectangular or square box-like shape.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a front-facing door with a transparent window.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a control panel on the front, often to the right of the door.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a digital display, usually part of the control panel.
a photo of a microwave oven which has buttons or dials on the control panel for setting time, power level, and cooking mode.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a large cavity inside when the door is opened.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a rotating glass plate or turntable inside the cavity.
a photo of a microwave oven which has ventilation holes or grills, often on the back or sides.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a power cord, usually extending from the back.
a photo of a microwave oven which is typically found in a kitchen setting.
a photo of a microwave oven which is often placed on a countertop or built into kitchen cabinetry.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have branding or model information on the front.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have safety and usage instructions printed on the back or bottom.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have a handle on the door for opening and closing.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have a child lock feature indicated on the control panel.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have specific function buttons like 'defrost', 'popcorn', 'pizza', etc. on the control panel.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have a light inside that illuminates when the door is opened or while it's operating.
a photo of a microwave oven which may have a metallic or plastic exterior, often in white, black, or stainless steel color.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a turntable rotation indicator on the control panel.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a cooking time and power level display on the digital display.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a sensor cooking feature indicated on the control panel.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a multi-stage cooking feature for cooking different types of food.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a popcorn button with a pre-programmed cooking time and power level.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a child-safe locking mechanism for the control panel.
a photo of a microwave oven which has a door ajar warning system that alerts the user if the door is not fully closed.
