a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a compact, smooth muscled body.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a short, sleek and shiny coat.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a coat color that can be red, stag-red, black or chocolate with rust markings.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a distinctive high-set, erect ears.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a docked tail that stands upright.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a wedge-shaped head with a slightly tapered muzzle.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has dark, oval eyes that are clear and bright.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a strong, even bite with a scissor-like jaw.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a proud, vigorous gait.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a height ranging from 10 to 12.5 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a weight typically between 8 to 12 pounds.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a well-balanced, sturdy and robust appearance.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a characteristic high-stepping, hackney-like action.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a lively, energetic, and alert expression.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a slightly arched neck without dewlap.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a body that is slightly longer than it is tall.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a level or slightly sloping croup.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a deep chest extending to the elbows.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a strong, straight back.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has well-sprung ribs and a tuck-up belly.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has small, cat-like feet with arched toes.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a smooth, graceful outline giving the impression of a hardy constitution and great speed.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a coat that is shorter in length compared to Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a distinctive red, stag-red, black, or chocolate with rust markings coat color.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has erect ears that are high-set and distinct from Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a wedge-shaped head with a slightly tapered muzzle, unlike the square-proportioned head of Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has dark, oval eyes that are clear and bright, unlike the round, dark eyes of Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a strong, even bite with a scissor-like jaw, unlike the scissors bite of Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a proud, vigorous gait that is different from the brisk, vigorous gait of Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a characteristic high-stepping, hackney-like action that is unique to the breed.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a well-balanced, sturdy and robust appearance that is different from the compact and square-proportioned body of Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a body that is slightly longer than it is tall, unlike the compact and square-proportioned body of Toy Terrier.
a photo of a Miniature Pinscher which has a level or slightly sloping croup, unlike the docked tail of Toy Terrier.
