A Nile crocodile which has a dark bronze colouration with greenish-brown hues.
A Nile crocodile which has a V-shaped snout that is broad at the base and tapers towards the end.
A Nile crocodile which has a row of large, bony scales running down its back and tail.
A Nile crocodile which has a body covered in rough, scaly skin.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of eyes and nostrils located on top of its head.
A Nile crocodile which has a mouth filled with up to 68 sharp, conical teeth.
A Nile crocodile which has a powerful tail that is flattened on the sides.
A Nile crocodile which has four short, stocky legs with webbed toes.
A Nile crocodile which has a belly that is yellowish-green in colour.
A Nile crocodile which has a size that can range from 11.5 to 16 feet in length.
A Nile crocodile which has a weight that can range from 500 to 1,650 pounds.
A Nile crocodile which has a lifespan of up to 45-100 years in the wild.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of protective flaps that cover its ears and eyes when underwater.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of muscular jaws capable of exerting a strong bite force.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of nostrils that can close while it is underwater.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of eyes that glow red when light is shone into them at night.
A Nile crocodile which has a body that is streamlined for swimming, with a flattened tail and webbed feet.
A Nile crocodile which has a body that is heavily armored with thick, tough scales.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of ears located just behind the eyes, which are small slits covered by a thin layer of skin.
A Nile crocodile which has a pair of glands in its mouth that can excrete excess salt, allowing it to survive in saline environments.
A Nile crocodile which has a more aggressive temperament compared to other crocodilian species, unless provoked or during mating season.
A Nile crocodile which has a more agile and faster walk on land compared to other crocodilian species.
A Nile crocodile which has a more pointed snout compared to other crocodilian species.
A Nile crocodile which has a fourth tooth in the lower jaw that is visible when the mouth is closed, unlike in other crocodilian species where this tooth is hidden.
A Nile crocodile which has a 'V' shaped snout, unlike the 'U' shape seen in other crocodilian species.
A Nile crocodile which has a less robust body compared to other crocodilian species, with a more slender build.
A Nile crocodile which has a more efficient and agile swimmer compared to other crocodilian species.
