a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a small, compact size, typically weighing between 11 to 12 pounds.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a hard, wiry, straight coat that is usually red, black and tan, or grizzle.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a distinctive double coat with a soft, downy undercoat.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a slightly rounded head with a strong, wedge-shaped muzzle.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has medium-sized, dark eyes that express alertness and intelligence.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has small, erect ears that are set well apart.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a strong, moderately short neck that blends smoothly into well laid back shoulders.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a deep chest and well-sprung ribs.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a medium docked tail, with the tip level with the top of the skull.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has strong, muscular legs with round, cat-like feet.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a lively and confident gait.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a hardy appearance, and is built for stamina and endurance.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a friendly and intelligent expression, indicating a good-natured disposition.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a more substantial weight compared to Yorkshire Terrier, typically weighing between 11 to 12 pounds.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a strong, broad back and deep chest, unlike the level back and medium-sized tail carried slightly higher than the back of Yorkshire Terrier.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a hard, wiry, straight coat, unlike the long, silky coat of Yorkshire Terrier.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a fox-like face with small, dark, oval-shaped eyes, unlike the small and rather flat head with a medium-sized muzzle of Yorkshire Terrier.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has medium-sized ears that are dropped and set well apart, unlike the V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and may be erect or semi-erect of Yorkshire Terrier.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a strong jaw with a perfect, regular scissor bite, unlike the black nose of Yorkshire Terrier.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has longer hair on the neck and shoulders forming a protective ruff, unlike the abundant hair on the head that is usually tied in a band of Yorkshire Terrier.
a photo of a Norwich Terrier which has a lively and gait when moving, unlike the confident carriage and an outgoing personality that is often described as having a 'big dog' attitude of Yorkshire Terrier.
