a photo of an oboe which has a narrow, conical bore and a flared bell at its end.
a photo of an oboe which is typically made of wood, but can also be made from synthetic materials.
a photo of an oboe which has a double reed mouthpiece attached to a metal tube that leads to the main body of the instrument.
a photo of an oboe which has a series of keys and holes along its body that can be covered or uncovered to change the pitch.
a photo of an oboe which is approximately 65 centimeters long.
a photo of an oboe which has a distinctive, rich, and full sound, often described as 'penetrating' or 'haunting'.
a photo of an oboe which is often used in orchestras, concert bands, and chamber music settings.
a photo of an oboe which has a complex key system with up to 45 pieces of keywork, some of which are for the left thumb.
a photo of an oboe which has a metal staple (or tube) onto which the reed is bound.
a photo of an oboe which has a slightly curved body shape, tapering more at the top and less at the bottom.
a photo of an oboe which has a reed that is typically made from a type of cane called Arundo donax.
a photo of an oboe which has a range of about two and a half octaves.
a photo of an oboe which has a darker and more serious tone compared to other woodwind instruments.
a photo of an oboe which is held vertically when played.
a photo of an oboe which has a reed that is controlled by the lips and tongue of the player.
a photo of an oboe which has a distinctive headjoint, but not as long as the flute's.
a photo of an oboe which does not have a lip plate or embouchure hole like the flute.
a photo of an oboe which typically does not have a curved headjoint like some flutes.
a photo of an oboe which may not have a cleaning rod, or it might be stored in a different location.
a photo of an oboe which may not have a case with a rectangular and slim design like some flutes.
a photo of an oboe which may have a more complex mechanism for covering and uncovering keys and holes compared to the flute.
a photo of an oboe which may have a different material used for its keys and other parts compared to the flute.
