a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a distinct ridge of hair running along its back in the opposite direction to the rest of its coat.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a short and dense coat, sleek and glossy in appearance.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a coat color ranging from light wheaten to red wheaten.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a muscular and athletic body.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a broad and deep chest.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a fairly long tail that is strong at the base and tapers to a point.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a flat and broad skull between the ears.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a defined stop between the skull and muzzle.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a black or brown nose that matches the color of its eyes.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has round and sparkling eyes, varying in color from amber to dark brown.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has high set ears that are medium in size and rather wide at the base.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has strong and powerful jaws with a perfect scissor bite.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a strong, flexible and fast gait.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a confident and intelligent expression.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a height at the shoulder between 24 to 27 inches for males and 24 to 26 inches for females.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a weight between 70 to 85 pounds for males and 65 to 75 pounds for females.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a unique ridge of hair running along its back that is visible from a distance.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a glossy and smooth coat that requires regular grooming.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a coat color that is more towards wheaten than red.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a more athletic build than a muscular one.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a deep chest that is more pronounced than a broad one.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a tail that tapers to a point and is more curved than a straight one.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a flat skull that is broader than a round one.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a defined stop that is more pronounced than a slight one.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a nose color that matches the eye color, but is not necessarily black.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has eyes that vary in color from amber to dark brown, but are not necessarily dark.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has high set ears that are wider at the base than the tip.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has strong and powerful jaws with a perfect scissor bite, but are not necessarily black.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a strong and flexible gait, but is not necessarily smooth.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a confident and intelligent expression, but is not necessarily alert.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a height and weight that is consistent with its athletic build.
a photo of a Rhodesian Ridgeback which has a unique combination of athletic build and glossy coat.
