a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a dark brown color with a velvety appearance.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has small, yellow-ringed black eye-spots on the underwings.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a wingspan of approximately 35-42mm.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a fringe of short, fine hairs on the edge of its wings.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a slightly scalloped wing edge.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a single, small white pupil in the center of each underwing eyespot.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a lack of eye-spots on the upper side of its wings.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a flight pattern that is close to the ground and includes short periods of fluttering followed by periods of rest.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a caterpillar that is green with faint, narrow, white stripes.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which has a pupa that is green or brown and is suspended from a plant by a silk girdle and a silk pad.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which is usually found in woodland clearings, hedgerows, and meadows.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have white wings with small black tips on the forewings.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have one or two spots on the forewings.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a mottled green underwing.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a black spot in the center of the forewing.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a lighter color in the female than in the male.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a second spot on the forewings in the male.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a yellowish hue on the underwings.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a slight greyish hue on the wingtips.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a body covered in tiny hairs.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a slender body.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have antennae with a club-shaped end.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a flight period from April to October in most of its range.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which is not often seen in gardens, fields, and other open habitats.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which is not often seen resting with its wings held vertically above its body.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which is not often seen feeding on nectar from a variety of flowers.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which is not often seen laying eggs on plants in the Brassicaceae family.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a caterpillar stage that is green and camouflaged on the leaves of host plants.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which does not have a pupa stage that is green or grey and attached to a leaf or stem of the host plant.
a photo of a ringlet butterfly which is not often seen flying in a slow and wandering manner, rather than in a straight line.
