a photo of a rock crab which has a carapace (shell) that is wider than it is long.
a photo of a rock crab which has a carapace with nine marginal teeth on each side, excluding the corner teeth.
a photo of a rock crab which has a reddish-brown or yellowish-brown color on the upper side of the carapace.
a photo of a rock crab which has a whitish or yellowish color on the underside of the carapace.
a photo of a rock crab which has claws that are nearly equal in size.
a photo of a rock crab which has claws that are blackish or dark brown on the tips.
a photo of a rock crab which has a carapace that is rough and granular in texture.
a photo of a rock crab which has a pair of round and stalked eyes.
a photo of a rock crab which has five pairs of legs, including the claws.
a photo of a rock crab which has a triangular-shaped abdomen.
a photo of a rock crab which has a size typically ranging from 2 to 5 inches in carapace width.
a photo of a rock crab which has a carapace that is often covered with epibionts (organisms that live on the surface of another organism).
a photo of a rock crab which has a pair of antennae.
a photo of a rock crab which has a pair of maxillipeds (mouthparts used for eating and tasting).
a photo of a rock crab which has a pair of pincers that are sharp and strong.
a photo of a rock crab which has a smooth or slightly rough surface on its underside, without any prominent ridges.
a photo of a rock crab which has a distinctive pattern of ridges or lines on the carapace, especially near the edges.
a photo of a rock crab which has a larger size compared to fiddler crab, typically ranging from 2 to 5 inches in carapace width.
a photo of a rock crab which has a more robust body shape compared to fiddler crab.
a photo of a rock crab which has a pair of larger, more prominent eyes compared to fiddler crab.
a photo of a rock crab which has a more prominent pair of antennae compared to fiddler crab.
a photo of a rock crab which has a more robust pair of pincers compared to fiddler crab.
