A rock beauty fish which has a bright yellow head.
A rock beauty fish which has a dark, almost black body.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow tail.
A rock beauty fish which has a small, oval-shaped body.
A rock beauty fish which has a large, protruding mouth.
A rock beauty fish which has a continuous dorsal fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow pectoral fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow anal fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow ventral fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow stripe running from the mouth to the eye.
A rock beauty fish which has a size typically ranging from 8 to 14 inches in length.
A rock beauty fish which has a slightly compressed body shape.
A rock beauty fish which has small, round eyes.
A rock beauty fish which has a thin, black line running along the edge of its dorsal and anal fins.
A rock beauty fish which has a black spot on the upper rear portion of the body, near the base of the dorsal fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow stripe running along the base of the dorsal fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow stripe running along the base of the anal fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow stripe running along the base of the tail fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow stripe running along the base of the pectoral fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a yellow stripe running along the base of the ventral fin.
A rock beauty fish which has a body shape that is not round or balloon-like.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that does not inflate and deflate.
A rock beauty fish which has a skin that does not have spines or spikes.
A rock beauty fish which has pectoral fins that are not small and located on the sides of its body.
A rock beauty fish which has a tail fin that is not rudder-like.
A rock beauty fish which has a skin texture that is not rough or leathery.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that is not usually small to medium in size.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that is not found in tropical and subtropical ocean waters.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that is not often solitary or found in small groups.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that is not often found near the sea floor or in coral reefs.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that does not ingest water or air to inflate its body when threatened.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that does not contain tetrodotoxin, a potent neurotoxin.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that is not slow-moving due to its small, inefficient fins.
A rock beauty fish which has a body that is not seen in marine or brackish waters.
