a photo of a salt shaker which is typically small in size.
a photo of a salt shaker which is often cylindrical or rectangular in shape.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a flat bottom.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a perforated top.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a screw-on or removable top.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a single hole or multiple small holes on the top.
a photo of a salt shaker which may be paired with a similar looking object with different number of holes.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a transparent body to see the white granular substance inside.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a small handle on the side for easy grip.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a design or logo on the body, often indicating a brand or restaurant.
a photo of a salt shaker which may be part of a larger set of tableware.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a shiny or matte finish, depending on the material.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a size suitable for holding in one hand.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a refillable design, allowing for the addition of more salt.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a rounded or flat top, depending on the design.
a photo of a salt shaker which may have a decorative or ornamental design, especially in the case of antique or high-end models.
a photo of a salt shaker which typically holds a white granular substance.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a narrow neck is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which has measurement markings is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a drinking spout or straw is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a protective sleeve or cover is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which is insulated is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a wide mouth is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a filter inside is less likely.
a photo of a salt shaker which has a flat bottom to stand upright is less likely.
