a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a medium-length, hard and wiry outer coat.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a soft, dense and weather-resistant undercoat.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a coat that is predominantly white in color.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a broad and deep chest.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a slightly domed skull with a defined stop.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a black nose that is fairly large.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has small, almond-shaped eyes that are dark brown or hazel in color.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has ears that are folded and carried close to the head.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a tail that is usually docked and carried upright.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a strong, square body that is slightly longer than it is tall.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a height that ranges from 10.5 to 12 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a weight that ranges from 18 to 20 pounds.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a strong and powerful jaw with a scissor bite.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has short, strong and straight legs.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has compact, round feet with thick pads.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a muscular neck that is of medium length.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a distinctive beard and eyebrows.
a photo of a Sealyham Terrier which has a playful, friendly and outgoing temperament.
a medium-length, hard and wiry outer coat.
a soft, dense and weather-resistant undercoat.
a coat that is predominantly white in color.
a broad and deep chest.
a slightly domed skull with a defined stop.
a black nose that is fairly large.
small, almond-shaped eyes that are dark brown or hazel in color.
ears that are folded and carried close to the head.
a tail that is usually docked and carried upright.
a strong, square body that is slightly longer than it is tall.
a height that ranges from 10.5 to 12 inches at the shoulder.
a weight that ranges from 18 to 20 pounds.
a strong and powerful jaw with a scissor bite.
short, strong and straight legs.
compact, round feet with thick pads.
a muscular neck that is of medium length.
a distinctive beard and eyebrows.
a playful, friendly and outgoing temperament.
a wiry outer coat that is different from the single layer of hair in other breeds.
a broad and deep chest that is not present in other breeds.
a strong, square body that is different from the compact and fine-boned structure of other breeds.
a weight that is significantly heavier than other breeds.
a strong and powerful jaw with a scissor bite that is different from other breeds.
short, strong and straight legs that are different from the lively and sprightly gait of other breeds.
compact, round feet with thick pads that are different from other breeds.
a muscular neck that is of medium length and different from other breeds.
a distinctive beard and eyebrows that are not present in other breeds.
a playful, friendly and outgoing temperament that is different from the gentle and fearless expression of other breeds.
a height that is taller than the Dandie Dinmont Terrier.
a weight that is heavier than the Dandie Dinmont Terrier.
a more wiry and hard outer coat compared to the Dandie Dinmont Terrier.
a coat that is predominantly white in color, unlike the pepper or mustard coat of other breeds.
a broad and deep chest that is more pronounced than other breeds.
a strong and powerful jaw with a scissor bite that is more robust than other breeds.
short, strong and straight legs that are more sturdy than other breeds.
compact, round feet with thick pads that are more cushioned than other breeds.
a muscular neck that is of medium length and more developed than other breeds.
a distinctive beard and eyebrows that are more pronounced than other breeds.
a playful, friendly and outgoing temperament that is more energetic than other breeds.
a lifespan that is typically between 12 to 14 years.
