a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a compact and solid body.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a long, silky, and dense double coat.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a tail that curls over its back.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a broad and round face.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has large, round, wide-set eyes that are dark in color.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a short, square-shaped muzzle.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has ears that are large and droop down, covered with hair.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a height of about 9 to 10.5 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a weight range between 9 to 16 pounds.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a coat that comes in a variety of colors including black, white, blue, brindle, gold, liver, red, silver, and combinations of these.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a distinct pushed-in nose.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a sturdy build despite its small size.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a distinct underbite.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a button nose that is either black or liver-colored.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a gait that is smooth, flowing, and seemingly effortless.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short muzzle compared to its overall face size.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively small body length compared to its height.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight muzzle.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight beard.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight mustache.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight facial hair.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight coat texture compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight coat length compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight outer coat.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight inner coat.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight undercoat.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight double coat.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight body shape compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight muzzle shape compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight facial shape compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight coat shape compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight overall body shape compared to Lhasa Apso.
a photo of a Shih Tzu which has a relatively short and straight overall facial shape compared to Lhasa Apso.
