a photo of a spaghetti squash which has an oblong shape, similar to a watermelon or a large oval.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a smooth, hard surface.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a yellow or yellowish-orange color.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a size typically ranging from 8 to 14 inches in length.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a weight typically between 2 to 3 pounds.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a slightly ribbed texture on its exterior.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a stem at one end, similar to other types of squash.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which may have slight variations in color, including patches of green or white.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which, when cut open, reveals a hollow interior filled with seeds and stringy pulp.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which, when cooked and scraped with a fork, produces strands that resemble spaghetti.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a mild, somewhat nutty flavor when cooked, although this cannot be determined from a photo.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which is typically harvested in the early fall, although this also cannot be determined from a photo.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a rougher exterior texture compared to other types of squash.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a more elongated shape compared to other types of squash.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a distinct, hollow center when cut open.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a unique, stringy texture when cooked.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a relatively lighter weight compared to other types of squash of similar size.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a more vibrant, yellowish color compared to other types of squash.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a distinctive, oblong shape when cut in half.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a relatively easier to cut through compared to other types of squash.
a photo of a spaghetti squash which has a more tender, edible skin when cooked.
