a photo of a which has two dark or tinted lenses.
a photo of a which has a frame that connects the two lenses.
a photo of a which has arms that extend towards the back to rest on the ears.
a photo of a which is designed to be worn over the eyes.
a photo of a which may have a bridge connecting the two lenses over the nose.
a photo of a which may have polarized or mirrored lenses.
a photo of a which may have a logo or brand name on the frame or lens.
a photo of a which may have a wrap-around design to cover the peripheral vision.
a photo of a which may have lenses in various shapes such as round, square, or aviator.
a photo of a which may have frames made of plastic, metal, or a combination of both.
a photo of a which may have adjustable nose pads.
a photo of a which may have lenses that are gradient tinted, meaning they are darker at the top and lighter at the bottom.
a photo of a which may have a protective case or cloth for cleaning.
a photo of a which may have UV protection stickers or labels.
a photo of a which may have flexible hinges for comfort and durability.
a photo of a which may have decorative elements on the frame or arms.
a photo of a which may have lenses that are prescription or non-prescription.
a photo of a which may have a sporty design with rubber grips on the arms.
a photo of a which may have a retro or vintage design.
a photo of a which may have a modern or futuristic design.
a photo of a which has lenses that are clear or lightly tinted.
a photo of a which has no frame connecting the two lenses.
a photo of a which has no arms that extend towards the back to rest on the ears.
a photo of a which is designed to be worn on the head but not over the eyes.
a photo of a which may have no bridge connecting the two lenses over the nose.
a photo of a which may have lenses that are not polarized or mirrored.
a photo of a which may have no logo or brand name on the frame or lens.
a photo of a which may have no wrap-around design to cover the peripheral vision.
a photo of a which may have lenses in a unique or irregular shape.
a photo of a which may have frames made of wood, fabric, or other non-traditional materials.
a photo of a which may have no adjustable nose pads.
a photo of a which may have lenses that are uniformly tinted, meaning they are the same color throughout.
a photo of a which may have no protective case or cloth for cleaning.
a photo of a which may have no UV protection stickers or labels.
a photo of a which may have rigid hinges for durability.
a photo of a which may have no decorative elements on the frame or arms.
a photo of a which may have lenses that are not prescription or non-prescription.
a photo of a which may have a minimalist or plain design.
a photo of a which may have a historical or antique design.
a photo of a which may have a utilitarian or functional design.
