A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a long, low, rectangular body shape, unlike the medium-sized body of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a dense, wavy or slightly curly coat, unlike the silky, flat or slightly wavy coat of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a coat color that is rich golden liver or dark chestnut, unlike the variety of colors including black, liver, red, golden, black and tan, liver and tan, or any of these colors mixed with white of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a broad, massive head with a well-developed occiput, unlike the cleanly chiseled and refined head of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a medium-sized, hazel or brown eyes that are set wide apart, unlike the dark brown or hazel eyes that are full of intelligence and enthusiasm of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a medium-length, thick ears that are set at eye level and hang down, unlike the long, feathered ears that hang close to the head of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a strong, muscular neck, unlike the long neck that sets into nicely sloping shoulders of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a deep chest that extends to the elbows, but not as broad as that of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a level or slightly sloping topline, unlike the broad and deep chest for good lung capacity of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a tail that is set low and typically docked, unlike the tail that is usually docked in countries where this practice is legal of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a strong, muscular hindquarters, but not as heavy-set as those of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a medium-sized, round feet with thick pads, unlike the dense undercoat for protection from the weather of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a friendly and calm expression, unlike the cheerful and affectionate demeanor of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a size that ranges from 13 to 15 inches at the shoulder, which is shorter than the height at the withers of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a weight that ranges from 35 to 45 pounds, which is heavier than the weight of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a moderate gait with good reach and drive, unlike the free, balanced, and effortless gait of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a rectangular body shape that is longer than it is tall, unlike the compact, sturdy body of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a broad, massive head that is different from the square muzzle of a Sussex Spaniel.
A photo of a Sussex Spaniel which has a level or slightly sloping topline that is different from the broad and deep chest for good lung capacity of a Sussex Spaniel.
