a photo of a tabby cat which has stripes, dots, lines, or swirling patterns on the body.
a photo of a tabby cat which has thin lines running from the corners of the eyes.
a photo of a tabby cat which has dark lines running from the outer corners of the eyes down the sides of the cheeks.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a light-colored "eyeliner" marking around the eyes.
a photo of a tabby cat which has stripes running down its back to its tail.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a ringed tail with dark bands.
a photo of a tabby cat which has stripes on its legs.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a coat that comes in different colors such as brown, grey, cream, or orange.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a belly that is usually of a lighter color than the rest of the body.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a coat pattern that can be classified into four types: mackerel, classic, ticked, and spotted.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a coat that is often multicolored or patched.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a muscular and robust body.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a round or oval-shaped head.
a photo of a tabby cat which has almond-shaped eyes that can be of any color.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a medium to large size.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a long tail relative to its body size.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a coat that is short to medium in length.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a coat that is dense and plush.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a broad chest and a strong, sturdy body.
a photo of a tabby cat which has a distinctive 'M' shaped marking on the forehead is not unique to tabby cat alone as Egyptian Mau also has it.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a skin flap extending from the flank to the back knee.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a coat with a unique spotted pattern.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have dark mascara lines extending from the corners of its eyes.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a coat that comes in three colors: silver, bronze, or smoke.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have dark markings on its legs and tail.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a double coat that gives it a unique shimmering effect.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a distinctive "M" shaped mark on its forehead or a scarab beetle or "M" mark on the back of its head.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a wedge-shaped head with a slight break at the muzzle.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have large, almond-shaped, gooseberry green eyes.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have medium to large sized ears that are broad at the base and moderately pointed.
a photo of a tabby cat which does not have a medium-sized, muscular body with a slightly arched back.
