a photo of a tandem bicycle which has two seats, one behind the other.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has two sets of pedals, one for each seat.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has a single frame that is longer than a standard bicycle frame.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has two handlebars, one for each seat.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has a single chain or two chains connecting the pedals to the rear wheel.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has a single front wheel and a single rear wheel.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has a rear seat that is often slightly lower than the front seat.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which has a single set of brakes controlled by the front rider.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a second set of handlebars for the rear rider, but these typically do not steer the bicycle.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have additional features such as a luggage rack or a child seat.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a tandem-specific stand for stability when stationary.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a longer wheelbase compared to a standard bicycle.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a tandem-specific fork for added strength and stability.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a second set of pedals that are synchronized with the front set.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a second set of gears controlled by the rear rider.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which typically has two riders, one in front and one in the back.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which often requires synchronization between the riders to maintain balance and speed.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a weight distribution system to ensure balance and stability.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a communication system between the riders to coordinate their movements.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a training mode to help new riders learn how to ride in sync.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a performance mode to optimize speed and efficiency.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have adjustable seats and handlebars to accommodate riders of different sizes.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a weight limit to ensure safety and stability.
a photo of a tandem bicycle which may have a certification or rating system to indicate its suitability for tandem riding.
