a photo of a terrapin which has webbed feet, suitable for both land and water.
a photo of a terrapin which has a tail, usually short and tucked away.
a photo of a terrapin which has a skin with a combination of green, brown, or grey colors.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that may have unique patterns or markings.
a photo of a terrapin which has eyes on the sides of its head.
a photo of a terrapin which has a size ranging from small to medium, typically not exceeding 30 cm in length.
a photo of a terrapin which may have distinctive yellow, green, or red stripes on its head and neck.
a photo of a terrapin which has claws on its feet.
a photo of a terrapin which has a plastron (lower shell) that is usually lighter in color than the carapace (upper shell).
a photo of a terrapin which may show sexual dimorphism, with males typically smaller than females and having longer tails.
a photo of a terrapin which has nostrils located at the end of its snout.
a photo of a terrapin which may have a hinge on its plastron, allowing it to close its shell tightly for protection.
a terrapin which has a shell that is typically more dome-shaped compared to other turtles.
a terrapin which has a shell that is usually harder and more rigid compared to other turtles.
a terrapin which has a head that is typically pointed compared to other turtles.
a terrapin which has a beak-like mouth that is more pronounced compared to other turtles.
a terrapin which has a tail that is usually short and tucked away, unlike other turtles that have longer tails.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that is not as flat on the bottom.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that is notched at the front, unlike the rear notching of some other turtles.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that has large scales, unlike the smooth shell of some other turtles.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that is more streamlined than those of terrestrial or semi-terrestrial turtles.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that is more flat and less rounded than those of tortoises.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that is more high-domed than those of tortoises.
a photo of a terrapin which has a shell that is more heavy or thick than those of tortoises.
a terrapin which has webbed feet, unlike the stumpy limbs of some other terrestrial turtles.
a terrapin which has a beak-like mouth, unlike the hooked upper jaw of some other turtles.
