a photo of a tiger shark which has a blunt, rounded snout.
a photo of a tiger shark which displays a unique pattern of dark stripes and spots on its skin, similar to the stripes of a tiger.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a large, robust body with a length typically between 10 to 14 feet.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a coloration that is bluish-green to dark grey on the dorsal side and lighter on the ventral side.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a mouth full of sharp, highly serrated teeth that are unique to this species.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a noticeably long upper tail, almost equal to the length of the rest of the body.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a pair of small eyes relative to its body size.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a pair of pectoral fins that are long and pointed.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a pair of dorsal fins that are almost equal in size.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a unique pattern of notches and ridges on the trailing edges of its fins.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a skin that is rough to the touch due to the presence of dermal denticles.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a unique pattern of countershading, which helps it blend in with its environment.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a large girth, making it one of the bulkier shark species.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a unique pattern of scars and marks, often due to interactions with other marine life or human activities.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a unique swimming style, characterized by slow, deliberate movements.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a mouth located at the front of the head, unlike some other shark species.
a photo of a tiger shark which does not have a uniquely shaped head that is flat and extended outwards on both sides.
a photo of a tiger shark which does not have eyes located at the ends of the extensions of its head.
a photo of a tiger shark which does not have a notch in the middle of the tail fin, creating a distinct two-lobed appearance.
a photo of a tiger shark which does not have small holes, called spiracles, located behind the eyes.
a photo of a tiger shark which does not have a pair of barbels near the mouth.
a photo of a tiger shark which does not have a body covered in dermal denticles, a type of scale, in the same way as some other species.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a size that is typically larger than 10 feet in length.
a photo of a tiger shark which has a more robust build compared to other shark species.
