A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a short, clear, glossy and dense coat.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a coat color that is tricolor with white, black and tan.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a compact and hard body.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a head that is moderately large with a broad skull.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a tail that is set high and carried cheerfully, but not curled over the back.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has ears that are set moderately low and of medium length, reaching or nearly reaching to the end of the nose.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a square muzzle that is deep and broad.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a slightly arched and long neck.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a chest that is deep but not too broad.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a back that is strong and straight.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a size that is medium to large, with males standing 22-27 inches at the shoulder and females standing 20-25 inches.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a weight that ranges from 50 to 70 pounds.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has eyes that are dark and have a soft expression.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a gait that is smooth, effortless, and capable of maintaining for a long time at a fast speed.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a temperament that is intelligent, confident, and sociable.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a strong desire to hunt and track scents.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a height at the withers significantly higher than 10 to 15 inches.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a coat that is significantly denser and shorter than the loose and elastic skin of the Basset Hound.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a muzzle that is square and broad, unlike the large, domed head of the Basset Hound.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a neck that is slightly arched and long, unlike the short stature of the Basset Hound.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a gait that is smooth and effortless, unlike the deliberate and plodding gait of the Basset Hound.
A photo of a Treeing Walker Coonhound which has a temperament that is intelligent, confident, and sociable, unlike the melancholic or sad expression of the Basset Hound.
