a photo of a water snake which has a long, slender body.
a photo of a water snake which has a head that is not distinctly separate from the neck.
a photo of a water snake which has round pupils.
a photo of a water snake which has scales that are keeled, or ridged, down the center.
a photo of a water snake which has a belly that is usually pale or white.
a photo of a water snake which has a dorsal color that varies from brown to gray or olive green.
a photo of a water snake which may have dark crossbands or blotches along the body.
a photo of a water snake which has a tail that tapers to a point.
a photo of a water snake which has a flat underside, aiding in swimming.
a photo of a water snake which may have a dorsal pattern that fades or disappears with age.
a photo of a water snake which has a forked tongue.
a photo of a water snake which may show a defensive behavior of flattening its body and head to appear larger.
a photo of a water snake which is typically found in or near freshwater environments.
a photo of a water snake which may exhibit a behavior of submerging itself in water when threatened.
a photo of a water snake which has nostrils located high on the snout, allowing for breathing while mostly submerged in water.
a photo of a water snake which has a slender body shape, unlike the more compressed body of some other snakes.
a photo of a water snake which has a head shape that is not elliptical and is not distinct from the neck.
a photo of a water snake which does not have a hood that it can expand when threatened.
a photo of a water snake which does not have a pair of large, fixed fangs in the front of the mouth.
a photo of a water snake which does not have a dorsal pattern of spectacle or "glasses" on the back of its hood.
a photo of a water snake which has smooth belly scales, unlike the keeled scales of some other snakes.
a photo of a water snake which has a ventral scale count that is different from 170-192.
a photo of a water snake which has a subcaudal scale count that is different from 47-61.
a photo of a water snake which has a dorsal scale count that is different from 21-25.
a photo of a water snake which has a tongue that is not black in color.
a photo of a water snake which has a pair of nostrils located on the top of the snout, unlike the nostrils located high on the snout.
