A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a medium-sized body, neither too small nor too large.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a coat that is red and white in color.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a coat that is straight and flat.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a moderately long coat with feathering on the ears, chest, legs, and tail.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a head that is in proportion to the body, with a slightly domed skull.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a muzzle that is approximately equal in length to the skull.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has eyes that are medium in size, oval in shape, and dark to medium brown in color.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has ears that are set at eye level, and hang close to the cheeks.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a tail that is usually docked and carried level with the back.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a strong, muscular neck.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a deep chest and well-sprung ribs.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a strong, muscular back.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has legs that are straight and strong, with good bone structure.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has feet that are round and compact, with well-arched toes.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a friendly and gentle expression.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a height that ranges from 17 to 19 inches at the shoulder for males, and slightly less for females.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a weight that ranges from 35 to 55 pounds.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a broad and deep chest, but not as pronounced as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a muzzle that is not as wide and deep as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has eyes that are not as dark amber in color as those of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a coat that is not as dense and weather-resistant as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a head shape that is not as wide and deep as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a neck that is not as thick and well-feathered at the throat as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a back that is not as straight and strong as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a gait that is not as slow and rolling as that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a body size that is significantly smaller than that of Clumber Spaniel.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a coat color that is primarily red and white, and not white with lemon or orange markings.
A Welsh Springer Spaniel has a height that is significantly lower than that of Clumber Spaniel.
