A photo of a wild boar which has a large, barrel-shaped body.
A photo of a wild boar which has a coat of coarse, bristly hair.
A photo of a wild boar which has a long, straight snout.
A photo of a wild boar which has small eyes set high on the head.
A photo of a wild boar which has large, round ears.
A photo of a wild boar which has a pair of long, curved tusks protruding from its mouth.
A photo of a wild boar which has a mane of hair running down its back.
A photo of a wild boar which has a tail that is straight and relatively short.
A photo of a wild boar which has four toes on each foot, with the two larger central toes used for walking.
A photo of a wild boar which has a color that varies from dark grey to brown or black.
A photo of a wild boar which has a size that can range from 90 to 200 cm in length and 55 to 110 cm in shoulder height.
A photo of a wild boar which has a noticeable hump over its shoulders.
A photo of a wild boar which has a head that is large and heavy with a strong jaw.
A photo of a wild boar which has a body that appears to be higher at the shoulder than at the rear.
A photo of a wild boar which has a characteristic grizzled appearance due to the mixture of colored hairs.
A photo of a wild boar which has a distinctive dorsal crest of hair that can be erected when the animal is agitated or aggressive.
A photo of a wild boar which has a body that is well-suited for powerful bursts of speed.
A photo of a wild boar which has a characteristic pattern of wear on its molars, due to its omnivorous diet.
A photo of a wild boar which has a distinctive shape and size of its skull, with males having larger and heavier skulls than females.
A photo of a wild boar which has a characteristic pattern of hair growth, with longer hairs on the back and shorter ones on the belly.
A photo of a wild boar which has a relatively long snout compared to its skull size.
A photo of a wild boar which has a pair of tusks that are curved inwards.
A photo of a wild boar which has a body that is more suited for running than for digging.
A photo of a wild boar which has a relatively long body compared to its leg length.
A photo of a wild boar which has a relatively high shoulder height compared to its body length.
A photo of a wild boar which has a distinctive pattern of hair on its legs, with longer hairs on the back of the legs and shorter ones on the front.
A photo of a wild boar which has a characteristic way of walking, with the two larger central toes used for walking and the two smaller toes used for balance.
A photo of a wild boar which has a relatively short tail compared to its body size.
A photo of a wild boar which has a distinctive way of using its tusks, with the curved tusks used for fighting and the straight snout used for foraging.
