a photo of a wine bottle which has a color other than deep ruby to purple.
a photo of a wine bottle which is contained in a glass bottle of a color other than clear.
a photo of a wine bottle which is often seen in a specific type of glassware, typically a wine glass with a smaller, more slender bowl.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a screw cap as a closure, but not a cork.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a label on the bottle providing information about the wine's flavor profile, but not the vineyard, region, and type of grape.
a photo of a wine bottle which may show no legs or streaks running down the side of the glass when swirled.
a photo of a wine bottle which may appear uniform in color throughout the glass.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a clear or opaque quality when held up to the light.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be seen being poured from a bottle into a glass with a more delicate or elegant presentation.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be accompanied by certain foods, such as seafood or salads, in the photo.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be seen in a setting such as a wine bar, coffee shop, or breakfast table.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be seen in a group with other bottles of different appearance.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be seen with a wine aerator or wine stopper nearby.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be seen with a wine accessory, such as a wine key or wine bottle opener.
a photo of a wine bottle which may be seen with a wine gift basket or wine gift box.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's serving temperature on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's food pairing suggestions on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a warning about the wine's acidity level on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a warning about the wine's tannin level on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's aging potential on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's vintage characteristics on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's region or appellation on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's grape variety or blend on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's winemaker or winery on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's awards or accolades on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's production methods on the label.
a photo of a wine bottle which may have a description of the wine's certifications, such as organic or biodynamic, on the label.
