a yellow garden spider which has a large, round abdomen with bright yellow and black markings.
a yellow garden spider which has a silver carapace on the cephalothorax.
a yellow garden spider which has eight legs, with the front pair being longer than the others.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of short, stubby pedipalps near the front of its body.
a yellow garden spider which has a distinctive zigzag pattern, known as a stabilimentum, in its web.
a yellow garden spider which has a body length of 14-28 mm for females and 5-9 mm for males.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of large, forward-facing eyes among its eight total eyes.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of spinnerets at the rear of its abdomen for producing silk.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of chelicerae, or fangs, that it uses to inject venom into its prey.
a yellow garden spider which is often found in sunny, open areas such as gardens, fields, and forests.
a yellow garden spider which is typically seen hanging head-down in the center of its web.
a yellow garden spider which has a unique, hourglass-shaped pattern on the underside of its abdomen.
a yellow garden spider which has a hard, chitinous exoskeleton for protection.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of book lungs for respiration.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of sensory organs called pedipalps near its mouth.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of reproductive organs called epigynes in females.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of reproductive organs called palpal bulbs in males.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of sensory hairs, or setae, covering its body.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of jointed appendages called chelicerae for capturing and killing prey.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of silk-producing organs called spinnerets at the end of its abdomen.
a yellow garden spider which has a distinctive pattern of bright yellow and black markings on its abdomen.
a yellow garden spider which has a longer body length compared to European garden spider.
a yellow garden spider which has a more prominent pair of large, forward-facing eyes among its eight total eyes.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of spinnerets located at the rear of its abdomen.
a yellow garden spider which is often found in more open and sunny areas compared to European garden spider.
a yellow garden spider which is typically seen hanging head-down in the center of its web, unlike European garden spider which is often seen in the orb-weaver spider web.
a yellow garden spider which has a unique, hourglass-shaped pattern on the underside of its abdomen, unlike European garden spider which does not have this feature.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of book lungs for respiration, unlike European garden spider which does not have this feature.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of sensory organs called pedipalps near its mouth, unlike European garden spider which has pedipalps near its mouth but used for manipulating food.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of reproductive organs called epigynes in females, unlike European garden spider which does not have this feature.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of reproductive organs called palpal bulbs in males, unlike European garden spider which does not have this feature.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of sensory hairs, or setae, covering its body, unlike European garden spider which has a body covered in tiny hairs.
a yellow garden spider which has a pair of jointed appendages called chelicerae for capturing and killing prey, unlike European garden spider which also has this feature but used for injecting venom into its prey.
