a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a small size, typically weighing between 4 to 7 pounds.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a compact body with a level back and a medium-sized tail carried slightly higher than the back.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a long, silky coat that is usually steel blue on the body and tail, and tan everywhere else.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a coat that is parted on the face and from the base of the skull to the end of the tail.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a head that is small and rather flat on the top, with a medium-sized muzzle.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and may be erect or semi-erect.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has dark, sparkling eyes that are medium in size and not too prominent.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a black nose.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a well-proportioned body with a short back and overall square appearance.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair on the head that is so abundant that it is usually tied in a band to keep from going into the dog's food and water.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair that is trimmed to floor length for dog competitions, giving a veil of hair for a'skirt'.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a confident carriage and an outgoing personality that is often described as having a 'big dog' attitude.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has teeth that meet in a level bite.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has round feet with black toenails.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a much smaller size compared to Norfolk Terrier, typically weighing between 4 to 7 pounds.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a level back and a medium-sized tail carried slightly higher than the back, unlike the strong, broad back and deep chest of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a long, silky coat that is usually steel blue on the body and tail, and tan everywhere else, unlike the hard, wiry, straight coat of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a head that is small and rather flat on the top, with a medium-sized muzzle, unlike the fox-like face with small, dark, oval-shaped eyes of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and may be erect or semi-erect, unlike the medium-sized ears that are dropped and set well apart of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a black nose, unlike the black nose is not mentioned for Norfolk Terrier but it has a strong jaw with a perfect, regular scissor bite.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair on the head that is so abundant that it is usually tied in a band to keep from going into the dog's food and water, unlike the longer hair on the neck and shoulders forming a protective ruff of Norfolk Terrier.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a confident carriage and an outgoing personality that is often described as having a 'big dog' attitude, unlike the lively and gait when moving of Norfolk Terrier.
