a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which weighs between 4 to 7 pounds.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a compact body with a level back.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a medium-sized tail carried slightly higher than the back.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a long, silky coat that is usually steel blue on the body and tail, and tan everywhere else.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a coat that is parted on the face and from the base of the skull to the end of the tail.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a head that is small and rather flat on the top, with a medium-sized muzzle.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and may be erect or semi-erect.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has dark, sparkling eyes that are medium in size and not too prominent.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a black nose.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a well-proportioned body with a short back and overall square appearance.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair on the head that is so abundant that it is usually tied in a band to keep from going into the dog's food and water.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair that is trimmed to floor length for dog competitions, giving a veil of hair for a'skirt'.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a confident carriage and an outgoing personality that is often described as having a 'big dog' attitude.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has teeth that meet in a level bite.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has round feet with black toenails.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which typically has a height of about 6 to 7 inches at the shoulder.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a body length that is roughly the same as its height.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a tail that is carried with a slight upward tilt.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has ears that are erect or semi-erect.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a muzzle that is short in length.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a distinctive 'beard' or facial hair.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a moderate stop (the point at which the muzzle meets the forehead).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a gait that is quick and agile.
