a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a small size, typically weighing between 4 to 7 pounds.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a medium-sized tail carried slightly higher than the back.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a long, silky coat that is usually steel blue on the body and tail, and tan everywhere else.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a coat that is parted on the face and from the base of the skull to the end of the tail.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a head that is small and rather flat on the top, with a medium-sized muzzle.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and may be erect or semi-erect.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has dark, sparkling eyes that are medium in size and not too prominent.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a black nose.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a well-proportioned body with a short back and overall square appearance.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair on the head that is so abundant that it is usually tied in a band to keep from going into the dog's food and water.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair that is trimmed to floor length for dog competitions, giving a veil of hair for a'skirt'.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a confident carriage and an outgoing personality that is often described as having a 'big dog' attitude.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has teeth that meet in a level bite.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has round feet with black toenails.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a short back.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has an overall square appearance.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a medium-sized muzzle.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has dark, sparkling eyes that are not too prominent.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a black nose.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair that is usually tied in a band to keep from going into the dog's food and water.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair trimmed to floor length for dog competitions.
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a long, silky coat that is usually steel blue on the body and tail, and tan everywhere else (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's fine, silky, and straight coat that parts down the middle).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a coat that is parted on the face and from the base of the skull to the end of the tail (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's coat that is parted down the middle).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a head that is small and rather flat on the top, with a medium-sized muzzle (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's wedge-shaped head with a flat skull and a moderate stop).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and may be erect or semi-erect (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's V-shaped ears that are set high on the head and carried erect).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has dark, sparkling eyes that are medium in size and not too prominent (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's small, almond-shaped eyes that are dark in color).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a black nose (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's nose is not specified).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a well-proportioned body with a short back and overall square appearance (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's slightly longer than tall body).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair on the head that is so abundant that it is usually tied in a band to keep from going into the dog's food and water (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's fine, silky, and straight coat that parts down the middle).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has hair that is trimmed to floor length for dog competitions, giving a veil of hair for a'skirt' (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's fine, silky, and straight coat that parts down the middle).
a photo of a Yorkshire Terrier which has a confident carriage and an outgoing personality that is often described as having a 'big dog' attitude (compared to Australian Silky Terrier's confident, keen and
